<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no" ?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>Confession of a High School “Mean Girl”</title>

<meta content="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body class="mainbody">
  <div class="paragraphtext">

	<h1>
		Confession of a High School “Mean Girl” by Clarimonde

	</h1>
	<br/><br/>


	
	<!-- SC_OFF --><div class="md"><p>I never meant to kill Melissa Dodd, but that girl brought it on herself.</p>

<p>Most people don’t understand the concept “survival of the fittest”. They think natural selection means the fastest, or the strongest, or the smartest will <em>always</em> survive. It’s not true. The ones that always survive are those that best adapt to the world around them. There’s a certain type of high school girl that understands this concept better than anyone else. The girls that are not afraid to claw their way to the top of the food chain. They call us “mean girls” now. Please. We may be mean, but nature is the cruelest bitch of all.</p>

<p>I started my ascent in middle school and by sophomore year, I was unofficially crowned queen bee. Janet Spencer was more popular and infinitely prettier, but someone had spread an unfortunate rumor that she modeled incontinence pads and gave out hand jobs to homeless people. I was thin and attractive with a squad of equally thin and attractive girls vying for my approval. The fact that I did daily three-mile jogs at 6:00 a.m. and endlessly sipped on diet cola to stop the growling in the pit of my stomach was a small price to pay.</p>

<p>By contrast, Melissa was what we referred to as an “unfortunate”. A growth spurt in eighth grade left her towering above her peers at almost six feet. This meant she lumbered from class to class with a stoop, trying to make herself as small as possible. A combination of bad skin and flowery teeth sealed her status as an awkward spaz. I don’t remember who christened her “the Jabberwocky” but it certainly stuck. Melissa was so far down the social ladder that she was underneath it. </p>

<p>Then she did something unthinkable, she decided to climb. </p>

<hr/>

<p>I was having lunch in the quad with Becky and Gina when it happened. It was on a rare sunny day in February, the type of day where everyone lingers a little longer before going to class. Gina shoveled down her salad while Becky prattled on about how Mike was spending too much time at practice. I don’t see those girls much now. Becky has three kids and is head of the PTA while Gina’s a Sunday school teacher. I suppose that’s how they deal with it. Becky tries to be the perfect mom and Gina talks about God.</p>

<p>The three of us were facing the entrance of the cafeteria when we saw the new and improved Melissa Dodd.</p>

<p>“No way!”</p>

<p>The words rumbled from the back of my throat.</p>

<p>Somehow, our favorite, buck-toothed ugly duckling had turned herself into a plausible swan. Wherever she had bought her clothes, however much she had spent covering up that oozing acne, it had all been worth it.</p>

<p>We looked on in silence as Aaron Peterson came walking towards her. He wasn’t exactly MVP, but he was a sweet, lean basketball player who plenty of girls lusted after. He smiled at her and they started chatting. Like she was an actual person. As she walked away, he turned back, obviously checking out her non-ass in last season’s drainpipes.</p>

<p>“What the fuck was that?” whispered Gina.</p>

<p>“Aaron Peterson just checked out the Jabberwocky” hissed Becky.</p>

<p>Something had to be done. In some ways, it was inevitable what happened. That girl never stood a chance.</p>

<hr/>

<p>Becky didn’t take long to convince, and Gina was a complete pushover. Although it was still warm outside, the air in the equipment shed was damp. I shivered a little, examining the plastic mask in my hand. We bought them on discount from an old store downtown. I called dibs on the tiger mask, Becky went with the elephant and Gina had the zebra. It wasn’t that complicated. We had watched Melissa for a week. She did long jump on Tuesdays after school. She was pretty good, I’ll give her that. It was a small compensation for looking like the love child of Paul Bunion and Allison Janney. </p>

<p>We listened to the sounds of the track team, trying not to fall asleep. It got late, and the voices began to trail off. Melissa always stuck around and was one of the last to hit the showers. Don’t ask me why. The girl was a weirdo. By the time Gina cracked open the door and called Melissa’s name, it was already getting dark and she was the last one on the field. Our old gym teacher, Miss Hettinger, was already inside, probably desperate to get home to the girlfriend none of us supposedly knew about. Melissa’s outline appeared by the door and Becky yanked her inside. I turned on the light. Melissa wasn’t stupid. She knew that she was alone, that no one was coming to check on her and that the three people wearing masks in the shed were going to use that bat and hockey sticks. She held up a hand.</p>

<p>“Please, don’t!”</p>

<p>And then we beat her. Not much, but enough so she wouldn’t put up a fight. When we finished, I told Becky and Gina to grab her arms and legs. Becky started to chicken out.</p>

<p>“What if she tells someone. What if we’re caught?”</p>

<p>I squeezed her hand.</p>

<p>“And what if she goes on like this? The girl needs to know her place.”</p>

<p>“Yeah, yeah you’re right.”</p>

<p>I placed the cloth over Melissa’s face and began to pour the gallon of water I’d swiped from the cafeteria. She tossed her head from side to side and twisted to get free, but the girls held her tight. I continued to pour as she coughed and sputtered, the water filling her lungs. Her squirming weakened as the bottle got lighter and lighter and by the time it was empty, Melissa Dodd had stopped moving.</p>

<p>I’ll admit it, I got carried away. It’s not like I had a lot of practice with stuff like that. I’d just read about it when I did a class project on apartheid. You need to understand. The girl was out of control and we had to put things right. It was Gina that suggested we dump her in the lake. I noticed Melissa’s expression as we laid her on the piece of old tarp. It was one of mild surprise, her gray eyes fixed on nothing in this world. One of her running shoes came off as we carried the rolled-up tarp to Becky’s car. When I picked it up, I saw she’d written “I am a champion” on the heel. So hopeful. So pathetic.</p>

<p>It was completely dark by the time we pulled up to the shore. The moon was a thin slit in the sky and no stars were out that night. Since we had nothing to weigh the body down, we waded out in our clothes and let the current take it. And then she was gone. Nothing more than ripples and whispers.</p>

<p>People say a body is never really gone. It eventually pops up again to point the finger at you. That’s also not true. We could’ve been found out a hundred times, but we never were. It’s not like we weren’t on edge. We were high school girls that had been through a traumatic experience. Nobody ever questioned us, and the police never found Melissa Dodd. I thought that was the end of it. That is, until two months later.</p>

<hr/>

<p>I had woken up to heavy wheezing and the soft sound of paper being crumpled. Opening my eyes, I saw a familiar face sitting at my desk, scribbling furiously on a page in my journal. Numerous other pages lay balled up and scattered on the floor.</p>

<p>Melissa mouthed the words aloud as pen scratched against paper.</p>

<p>“One, two! One, two! And through and through,</p>

<p>The vorpal blade went snicker-snack!</p>

<p>She left her dead, and with her head,</p>

<p>She went galumphing back.”</p>

<p>‘And hast thou slain the Jabberwock?</p>

<p>Come to my arms, my beamish boy!</p>

<p>O frabjous day! Callooh! Callay!’</p>

<p>She chortled in her joy.”</p>

<p>She stopped, finally noticing I was awake.</p>

<p>“Well hello.”</p>

<p>I sat up. </p>

<p>“Melissa, what the fuck are you doing in my room?”</p>

<p>“Look, I’m sorry, but when I knocked, and you didn’t answer, I just thought I’d come in and wait. And there you were. I couldn’t wait outside for too long.”</p>

<p>My mood lifted, and a wave of relief washed over me. The little upstart had survived after all. She had woken up and swam to shore, good as new. Maybe the frigid temperature of the water did some damage and she had some sort of amnesia? I decided to play it cool.</p>

<p>“Is this about what happened to you? About when you went missing?” </p>

<p>“Missing? No, I don’t know anything about that. I’m here to talk to you about something. Something pretty personal.”</p>

<p>I shifted my body towards desk to take a closer look. Her lank tendrils of dark hair were damp and pushed back behind her ears, like she’d just stepped out of the shower. Her polo shirt was rumpled, and the collar was stained with mud.</p>

<p>“Okay then Melissa. What’s the problem?”</p>

<p>“Oh well, where do I begin? This is a little messy. A tricky situation. I suppose I’d better just to get this whole thing out in the open.”</p>

<p>Her lips parted in a faint smile. I noticed that her front teeth were mottled.</p>

<p>“My problem is all this business with Aaron.”</p>

<p>“Aaron Peterson? What does he have to do with anything?”</p>

<p>Her eyebrows gathered inward, and she angled her head. The expression made her features look threatening.</p>

<p>“You know I was supposed to meet him after practice. He must think I’m <em>such</em> a flake.”</p>

<p>There was a soft tapping on the door. </p>

<p>She wheezed a little and started coughing. I noticed that one of her trainers was missing. That same secret smile spread across her face again.</p>

<p>“I need you to do me a favor. Take him to our special spot. He’ll listen to you. Tell him I’m waiting for that date”. </p>

<p>The rapping at the door turned to full-on banging that drew a swift, alarmed glance from Melissa. </p>

<p>“Do it!” she rasped sharply, her pale eyes burning into mine with an urgent malice.</p>

<p>The pounding grew louder and louder until I felt it resonating in my head. The sound echoed in my ears for hours after I woke up screaming.</p>

<hr/>

<p>I didn’t take Aaron to the lake after Melissa’s first visit, or the second, or even the twenty-second. We all have that point though, where everything gives way and the unthinkable becomes plausible.</p>

<p>It was easier than I thought in the end. A teenage boy will go anywhere after a few drinks and the vague promise of getting lucky. I made sure to drop a couple valium in his brewski before going out on the boat. My mother had a sizeable collection of meds back then. It didn’t take him long to pass out and he barely stirred when I tied the tire chains around his ankles. He looked so peaceful and angelic as he sank beneath the surface, like Leo at the end of Titanic.</p>

<p>You would think that’d be enough, but Melissa wasn’t done. What can I say? I think girlfriend got a taste for it. I give her one guy a year and she leaves me alone. That’s the agreement. She still likes them young too, baby-faced varsity all-stars. I once gave her a middle-aged sad sack that I hooked up with in a bar off the interstate. I thought he was easy pickings. The bitch didn’t leave me sleep for six weeks until I made it up to her. </p>

<p>It’s getting harder for me now. I haven’t aged like Becky or Gina. I don’t sleep well, and the booze can’t be doing me any good. I’m still here though. That counts for something. I’m adapting and I’m surviving.</p>

<p>I better go. I need to get ready for a date.</p>
</div><!-- SC_ON -->




  </div>
</body>
</html>