<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no" ?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>FOXTROT-ALPHA-ZULU-6-7-6 - ALL PERSONNEL LEAVE THE AREA</title>

<meta content="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body class="mainbody">
  <div class="paragraphtext">

	<h1>
		FOXTROT-ALPHA-ZULU-6-7-6 - ALL PERSONNEL LEAVE THE AREA by GeoronimoTheThird

	</h1>
	<br/><br/>


	
	<!-- SC_OFF --><div class="md"><p>Should you hear this warning at ANY POINT, leave the area immediately. Do not stop and help others leave, there is no time. If you are lucky, you may escape the radius in the provided 1 minute and 30 seconds.</p>

<p>This code may come over a loudspeaker in a shopping mall, your headphones while you listen to music, or through the television while you watch. Whatever the case, the only advice is to leave all pets and personal belongings and attempt to reach a safe distance.</p>

<p>It is the code used to inform all personnel of the government agency known as ‘Apholith’ to evacuate before testing begins. The radius itself varies, it could cover your present building, or stretch across your city. </p>

<p>Should you fail to make it out of the radius in time you will invariably find all escapes blocked, whether by locked doors or roadblocks. The roadblock security will be armed, escaping will no longer be an option.</p>

<p>The warning is issued across all available devices, and may seem like a mistake or perhaps a mishearing, but have no doubt it is not, and you are in terrible, imminent danger.</p>

<p>Apholith will be deploying one of three tests in your area, operation Hooper, operation Highland, or operation Leveau. Each of these operations are named for the test subjects that the project centers upon, Simon Hooper, Lila Highland or Brandon Leveau, and will be referred to from this point onwards as ‘the subjects’. All were unwitting volunteers for Apholith experiments, revolving around the research and weaponization of astral projection. Each test was based off of the strides and breakthroughs of operation ‘Vincent’, also known as ‘E37’, carried out in a secure bunker in Avery Hills.
These tests are designed to measure the effectiveness of these weapons.</p>

<p>Should you fail to make it to a safe distance before in the allotted 1 minute and 30 seconds, your only option becomes to survive the test duration, a task that I assure you is nigh impossible.
The precise activation point of the subject will be somewhere close to the centre of the test area. The test duration will also vary, and you can only hope your fellow participants prove too numerous and the time runs out before you are targeted by Hooper, Highland or Leveau.</p>

<p>The best option is to move as far as you can towards the edges of the test area without leaving, as you will be shot upon escaping. However it is strongly suggested you remain on the ground floor. If you are fortunate there may be a nook or corner that sits just beyond the subjects area of influence, allowing you to hide where it cannot harm you.
If it becomes clear that the subjects are capable of reaching you, your next best option now is to find as much metal barring, wiring and caging as possible with which to surround yourself. This may make obscure you at least somewhat from the subjects, should it fail to do so, they will surely execute you without prejudice.</p>

<p>Be warned, the subjects themselves are not easy to spot, they appear in their once human forms, but they have the capability to shift the form of their limbs to sharpened blades, bludgeoning instruments and any kind of basic implement without moving parts.</p>

<p>When the test is over, you will hear the code Hotel-Whiskey-Polo-4-0-7. At this point the subjects will dissipate as they are remotely deactivated, however YOU ARE NOT SAFE. The test premises will be immediately scrubbed of any surviving participants.</p>

<p>In the time before armed forces arrive to strike you off and tally you as a test survivor, the only way they will not find you is to remove or destroy the chip, introduced during government vaccinations. This chip shows your location and heart rate. You have three options:</p>

<p>Locate an extremely high powered electromagnet and press it to your upper arm.</p>

<p>Find an enclosed, lead lined room to block the signal.</p>

<p>Use an implement to slice open your upper arm, the chip is located around an inch under the skin.</p>

<p>Now hide as best you can and keep silent until they have passed. The only remaining option now is to wait until your premises have been completely cleaned and all bodies are removed. Until this point, it is not safe to leave as there will be armed agents in the area.</p>

<p>I wish I could say you will never hear this warning, but the tests will continue. I was unable to shut Apholith down, now all I can do is hope this reaches as many ears as possible. You may not believe any of this, but I implore you to commit it to memory, it may one day save your life.</p>
</div><!-- SC_ON -->




  </div>
</body>
</html>