<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no" ?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>Have you ever experienced something that's more than deja vu?</title>

<meta content="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body class="mainbody">
  <div class="paragraphtext">

	<h1>
		Have you ever experienced something that's more than deja vu? by zobaleenie

	</h1>
	<br/><br/>


	
	<!-- SC_OFF --><div class="md"><p>Apologies for the formatting, as i am on my phone. I was also unsure where to post this, so bare with me. I&#39;m not really sure what it is that I experience. Deja vu is the feeling that you&#39;ve done something before. My experiences are like this, but halfway through this feeling I remember that I have dreamt the exact scenario that is playing out. It takes a while to realise this because these dreams are of normal boring everyday tasks, so not really dreams that stand out. I don&#39;t have these experiences through anything in particular, no world events that I could be stopped or anything.</p>

<p>One example of this sticks out in my mind very clearly. I started college 6 years ago, and on my first day I was sat in one of my classes, and I had the feeling of deja vu. As the room filled up with students, it hit me as clear as day that I had dreamt about this exact scenario. The tables were in a horse shape around the board, and I was sat to the right at the back. I knew what the lesson was going to be about before we had even started it. As soon as everyone started introducing themselves I knew who they were and their anecdotes that they all had to relay to the other students. I knew that the teacher would have trouble with the computer because it was new and he didn&#39;t know how to use it. I even knew what colour the walls of the classroom were! Stupid things that wouldn’t really stand out to you. I sat there and thought of everything that would happen a couple of seconds before each event unfolded.</p>

<p>I remember a lot of instances like this, but none of them very significant. I told my partner the other night that I had dreamt about us sitting in bed watching a particular film and ignoring the dog trying to get up on the bed. He just laughed at me. Why would he believe me? I’m a big fan of horror so he probably thought I was spinning an elaborate paranormal tale. He’s very cynical like That! I’ve lsent to just keep my mouth shut and ride the experience through, often chuckling at how strange it all feels to have experienced it all before. And it’s also strange that even though I have these dreams months beforehand can remember dreaming it like it was the night before.</p>

<p>I&#39;m not really sure if this is all leading up to something. I can&#39;t predict the lottery or anything, I have these dreams months and months before the events actually unfold. And I would keep a dream journal, but these dreams are a rarity; not every dream turns out to happen in my conscious state. I&#39;ll just have to wait and see if this becomes major. People have thrown the term “psychic out there” – in not being funny or anything, but why would I be dreaming about every day things if it was part of something bigger? I don’t want to seem crazy.</p>
</div><!-- SC_ON -->




  </div>
</body>
</html>