<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no" ?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>How an Office Crush Saved My Marriage</title>

<meta content="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body class="mainbody">
  <div class="paragraphtext">

	<h1>
		How an Office Crush Saved My Marriage by DexKnightley

	</h1>
	<br/><br/>


	
	<!-- SC_OFF --><div class="md"><p>Last year was probably the hardest year my wife and I have ever endured.  We have been trying to conceive a child for months, and after getting frustrated, we went to the doctor to get tested and found out I was sterile.  In June, her parents were both killed in a freak boating accident.  Some other boater was drinking and driving their boat, caused an accident, and it was apparently very messy.  My wife, being an only child, and was very close with her parents was devastated.  She made comments about how she has no family, and because of me (and my sterility) she was never going to have one.  I chalked that comment up to the hurt she was feeling and lashing out at me.  Knowing later we’d likely talk about adoption, or other options we may have.</p>

<p>Understandably so, my wife just kind of shut down following the death of her parents.  People kept telling me that the best thing I can do, is just be there for her.  I have done my best to do so.  I’ve been keeping the house clean, making all of the meals.  Just keeping it together for the both of us.  She hardly speaks to me.  Mostly just sleeps, watches TV, and when she does say something, it’s usually very negative.  Through a lot of gentle nudging and pushing, she started going to therapy, and going to a support group.  She started going back to work in September, but even then, she just goes in, does her cubicle work, and then comes home to the TV or goes straight to bed.</p>

<p>It’s been hard, but I love her.  I constantly remind myself of my wedding, and the vow I made, “In sickness and in health.”  This is just something that I am patiently waiting for.  When tragedy like this strikes, people do separate themselves from you a bit.  I don’t blame my friends for giving us extra space.  My wife isn’t exactly a joy to be around, and if you don’t know what to say, it can be extremely challenging.  As a result, I don’t see my friends too much right now, and my family just upsets her because it reminds her that she has none left.  </p>

<p>I know this may come across as an excuse, or justification for what I am about to share.  But, life has been lonely for me.  Most people where I work have some idea of what is going on.  They don’t ask me the normal questions I hear them asking others.  They don’t ask me what my weekend plans are.  They don’t ask me for drinks after work.  Likely, they are tired of me saying I cannot join because I have to go take care of my wife.  Have you ever played that game called Telephone? Where one person taps the other on the shoulder, or whispers a phrase into their ear, and this continues through people, and then you see how the message has changed or distorted the more people that play.  I think that’s what has happened in my office.  I hear some people say my wife is on her deathbed, some question her existence, other’s say that her parents were murdered.  I’ve heard a lot.  I really just wanted someone to talk to.</p>

<p>Enter Aella.  She’s been working in my office since October, and I noticed her right away.  Tall, blonde, wonderful features, incredibly nice, and a smile that lights up a room.  I saw her a lot at first, because her lunch break was the same as mine.  I’d awkwardly stand in silence a few feet from her when we microwave our lunches, only nodding acknowledgement when we would see each other at first.  I never worked with her, she works in a different department, Human Resources, I think.  When the microwaves dinged, we’d grab our food then go to the break room.  She’d sit with some coworkers she befriended, and I’d go sit in the corner table, by myself.  I’d often pretend to read a book, but since I’ve been longing for conversation for so long, I would just listen to everyone else’s conversations.  I know Aella is a single mother, her child was 6 months old in November, and just moved back in with her parents after a messy break up.  </p>

<p>Things went on this way all through November.  Thanksgiving came and went.  I bought a pre-made chicken dinner that I ate with my wife.  She mumbled something as we ate, but I couldn’t quite hear, when I asked to repeat, she just shook her head.</p>

<p>Everything changed on December 4th.  It is a day that will forever be burned into my memory.  I sat down for lunch in my corner table, and Aella walked up to me, with her lunch and spoke to me.</p>

<p>“No microwave today?”  She said as she lifted up her lunch in a sort of gesture.</p>

<p>“Just a sandwich.  Nothing special.”</p>

<p>“My normal lunch buddies are out sick today, care for some company?”  It seemed like a question, but she was already pulling up a chair and sitting down.</p>

<p>My heart felt like it was beating out of my chest.  Nobody ever talks to me, and never in my life have I ever ate lunch with someone so attractive (aside from my wife).  “Of course!”  I responded, hopefully not sounding too eager.</p>

<p>Our 30 minute lunch went by in what felt like the blink of an eye.  We ended up becoming friends on social media, and started sending messages through its messaging app.  Over the next couple weeks I talked with her a lot.  She knows I am married, we made it clear that we both are just friends, and I learned a lot about her child.  I likely overshared about my year, and how hard it has been, and when I did, she put her hand on mine.  Saying how sorry she was, and that she’s my friend, and she’s here if I need anything.  I don’t remember what day it was, but I don’t want to keep any secrets from my wife, so I went home and spoke to her one day.</p>

<p>“Honey, I made a new friend at work today!”  I always add a little excitement and happiness when I talk to her, hopefully allow her to feed off of some of my positivity.</p>

<p>“So?”  She said ver flatly.</p>

<p>“Yes, her name is Aella.  I think you and her would be good friends.  She’s nice, same age as us, and said she’s interested in meeting you sometime too.”  I did purposefully leave out the fact she has a child.</p>

<p>“Why the Hell would I want to make friends with her?  If you like her so much, why don’t you just go sleep with her?”  She said, staring daggers at me.</p>

<p>“Honey, you know I’d never do that.  You are the only one for me.”  I said, trying to hold her hand in mine.  She pulled away and put her hands behind her back.</p>

<p>“Whatever.”  She just said and then she looks aways and doesn’t look back, and any attempt to get in the way or speak to her are all futile.</p>

<p>Life went on like this for a couple more weeks.  I looked forward to my lunches with Aella.  They were the highlight of my day, and I think she was enjoying them too.  She smiled every time we walked by one another, and one Friday, she asked if I wanted to get drinks with her and a couple other co-workers after work.  I texted my wife, telling her my plans and asking her if it was okay, she responded with “Why do I care?”  I left it at that, and went out.</p>

<p>It felt like so long since I’ve been to a bar, and had a beer, and sat in a circle and talked with anyone.  After my first beer, I felt myself loosen up, and get better at talking.  There was country music on the speakers, and I could see people around the bar.  Definitely a dive bar with a lot of regulars.  At some point, Aella excused herself to go to the restroom, leaving me and her two friends, Carmen, and Francine.  Which of course prompts the girls to say things that they normally wouldn’t say around Aella.</p>

<p>“So what’s the deal with you two?  Do you like her?”  Carmen jumps straight to the point.</p>

<p>“I think she’s great.  Pretty much the only friend I talk to right now.”  I reply.</p>

<p>“Friend?” Giggles Francine.</p>

<p>“Yeah, you guys know I am married.”  I say while holding up my hand with my wedding ring on.</p>

<p>“I mean, we know.”  Carmen stares at me “We also know that you could do better, with someone that actually likes you.”  She gets an almost evil grin on her face.</p>

<p>I squint my eyes a little bit at that, “It’s just a rough patch, there’s been a lot of bad things this year.”</p>

<p>“Jesus, you are either way too nice, too stupid, too naive or all of the above!”  Francine practically yells.</p>

<p>I just shrug my shoulders at this, and Aella now returns to the table and sits down.  Carmen grabs Francine.  “I love this song, let’s dance!”  Leaving Aella and myself alone at the table.  I look down at the table of empty beer bottles, counting 14 empty bottles.</p>

<p>“Jesus, did we drink that many already?” </p>

<p>“Apparently!”  She laughs.  It’s an amazing laugh.  It feels like liquid gold on my heart.  Reminds me of when I used to hear my wife’s laugh.  </p>

<p>I must have made a face because Aella looks at me and grabs my hand, “None of that, we are dancing!”</p>

<p>She took me to the dance floor, and we danced.  I felt like I was in Jr High and felt awkward the whole time.  As the night went on, I drank more beer, got better at dancing, and had the best time I’ve had in what feels like forever.</p>

<p>Eventually the night comes to an end because the bar is closing.  As we say our goodbyes, Carmen is driving, pulls Francis into the passenger side of the car, leaving Aella and I outside.  I heard something about alone time.  </p>

<p>“That was fun.  Thanks for inviting me out.  You have no idea how much it means.  I haven’t been out of the house-”  I was abruptly cut off by Aella leaning in and kissing me on the mouth.  It wasn’t anything spectacular.  I was caught off guard, I didn’t open my mouth any more than it was already open mid-sentence.  It lasted for maybe a few seconds.  Felt like much longer.  </p>

<p>“I had a good time too.”  She says, after she pulls back, and pushes some of the hair from her face back behind her ear.  “See you Monday!”</p>

<p>I stood there for a while.  Contemplating what had just happened.  Did I just cheat on my wife?  I would never do that!  Can I still be friends with Aella now?  Was it just the alcohol?  I headed home.  I drove.  Probably shouldn’t have because I had some beers, but I wasn’t thinking clearly.  I did make it home safely.  My wife was already sleeping, or pretending to sleep.  She does that too.  I knew she wasn’t going to ask me about my night.  Even though I laid awake most of the night replaying those few seconds in my head over and over again.  Only falling asleep when I started seeing the sun come up.</p>

<p>Eventually I woke.  When I woke up, my wife was still there.  She was looking at me with a look on her face that I haven’t seen in a while.  It was a face that was looking at me, instead of through me.</p>

<p>“I know I haven’t been good to you in a while.”  She started with.</p>

<p>“It’s okay, I know-” She cut me off with a finger to signal that she had more to say and has been practicing what to say.</p>

<p>“I feel like I lost everything, and have nothing to gain, and I blamed you for it.  I think a part of me still does.  Which I know is not fair.  I promise to work on it, though.”
I didn’t say anything, and just hugged her.  This felt like an enormous breakthrough, and I didn’t want to ruin it.  I didn’t talk to Aella at all that weekend.  When Monday came around, when I saw Aella in the morning, she was dressed up nicely today.  Looking very good.  When we crossed paths, there was this nervousness from her.  Figuring she is just embarrassed about the kiss.  Later, I get an office email from her saying that we needed to talk alone, and that we should have lunch outside of the office today, at a small restaurant across the street.  I agreed.</p>

<p>When we sat down for lunch, she got right to it.</p>

<p>“Look, I know you are married but what I did on Friday, I meant it.  I have feelings for you, and I’ve never felt anything like this before.  You can’t tell me you don’t feel it too?”</p>

<p>Her speech took me by surprise.  I had to think about what I wanted to say.  “Look, Aella, I have no plans to cheat or to leave my wife.  I made her a promise, and her and I had a small breakthrough this weekend.  She is getting better, and I know I will too.  I’d love to stay your friend though.”</p>

<p>“I am not sure if I can handle that,” She said between tears, “You are all I think about.  I know you and I are meant to be.  Not you and her.  I’d never treat you like this.”</p>

<p>“I know it’s easy to say that.  You’ll never know until you have lived through something like that though.”  I reasoned.</p>

<p>“I am sorry I brought it up.”  With that, she got up and ran out of the restaurant.  </p>

<p>She called out sick for the rest of the day at work.  Then she called out the next day, and the next, until she was out all week.  I sent her a few messages, asking her if she was okay, but I didn’t want to push it.  I didn’t realize that me, in my broken state, was even desirable at all.  I never saw her again.  She was terminated from her job because she just disappeared.  Hadn’t talked to anyone at work, didn’t answer any of her phone calls.  Nothing.</p>

<p>Until Saturday.  There was a knock on the door.  There was a lady I never met before, holding a baby.  I was cleaning, doing my Saturday chores, and my wife was in the next room watching television.</p>

<p>“Are you Jason?”  She said holding up a sheet of paper.</p>

<p>“Yes, that is me.  Who are you?”</p>

<p>“My name is Samantha, with the support of Child State Department and Protective Services.”  She holds up some sort of identification badge.  “I am here with 9 month old Octavia.  It is my understanding you are unaware that you are the father.”</p>

<p>At this point, my wife appears from the other room, and the woman at the door notices her.  “Oh, umm.  We can do this somewhere else.”</p>

<p>“Maybe we should, but first, how is this possible? For one, I am sterile, and I have only been with my wife for the last five years.”</p>

<p>“I understand, sir.  You have to understand, though, I hear this a lot from married me.”</p>

<p>“I suppose so.”  I replied, “Who is the mother?”</p>

<p>She holds up the piece of paper “You ever know anyone by the name of Aella?  She has you listed as the father on the birth certificate.”</p>

<p>“Yes I know her, but, what is going on?”</p>

<p>“I am sorry to be the one to inform you, but she took her own life a couple days ago.  She left a note, addressed to you, and with a way for you to find us.”  She paused. “Now, about the matter of the baby.”</p>

<p>At this point my wife walked up and took the baby, and spoke up.  “It’s fine, we will work through it, and we’ll work on his transgressions for the sake of the baby.”</p>

<p>This seemed to satisfy the government agent, and she had some paperwork for us to sign, a couple numbers for us to call and follow-up with and she was on her way.</p>

<p>My wife now, sitting on the couch, holding and playing with the baby.  Me, still in shock.  I opened the note she left:</p>

<p>“Dear Jason,</p>

<p>I am afraid I cannot go on knowing that we cannot be together.</p>

<p>I have known you for longer than you may be aware of.  I’ve watched you for quite some time.  Taking me months before working up the courage to work where you work, and forever for me to talk to you in the office.  I’ll always love you.  Even though I cannot have you, maybe I can do something great for you, as you once did for me, many years ago.  </p>

<p>This is Octavia.  Your daughter.  Her  birthday is June 16th.</p>

<p>With All the Love I Have Left,
Aella”</p>

<p>I couldn’t really think of what to say.  I was still in shock, all I could say to my wife.</p>

<p>“This makes no sense.  I haven’t even known her for a year.”</p>

<p>“It doesn’t matter.  We have what we wanted.”  My wife said, then she smiled, for the first time in almost a year.</p>
</div><!-- SC_ON -->




  </div>
</body>
</html>