<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no" ?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>I changed my walking route with my dog</title>

<meta content="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body class="mainbody">
  <div class="paragraphtext">

	<h1>
		I changed my walking route with my dog by lordwelshi

	</h1>
	<br/><br/>


	
	<!-- SC_OFF --><div class="md"><p>I’ve tried posting this elsewhere, but it keeps getting taken down. So this is my last attempt at trying to seek help, or an explanation, or anything. I don’t really know what I’m expecting. Guess I’m just desperate at this point. The pain in my chest and coughing fits still come and go, every few hours, but each time it gets worse and lasts longer.</p>

<p>This all started about a week ago. My wife, Laura, and I had just got home from work. We work at the same place, so we’re always home at the same time, it’s one of the great conveniences in my life. We got home around 5pm, just as it’s starting to turn dark outside. We got in the house, and there was our dog, Trinket, waiting to greet us as usual. Trinket is a border collie/corgi mix, and is adorable. She’s basically a short, compacted border collie with the huge radar-dish ears of a corgi. She’s always very excited to see us after work, probably because we spoil her rotten. Laura and I don’t have children. We can’t have kids, so we got a dog to keep us company, and we absolutely love our Trinket.</p>

<p>We followed our usual routine. I went upstairs to change out of my work clothes and into my waterproof trousers and coat, while Laura put Trinket’s harness on. I came downstairs, grabbed my keys, put my walking boots on, hooked the lead onto Trinket’s harness, and let her pull me out of the front door. Laura, as always, locked the door behind me.</p>

<p>Trinket is always very excited when we go walking, to the point she usually pulls on the lead for the first few minutes until she’s calmed down a bit. Usually I take her along the side streets towards an old disused railway line that has been paved and turned into a cycle-way and footpath. It runs in a straight line for a
mile through some woods and alongside a stream, but we’ve done it that many times I got a bit bored with it. I think Trinket was starting to find it a bit dull, too.</p>

<p>So that evening, I decided to try a new route. There’s a stretch of canal footpath that runs for nearly two miles from near the end of our street to an old, disused warehouse which has recently been resurfaced. I tried walking it about a year ago with Trinket, but it was so muddy I just kept sliding around and nearly fell into the canal, so we never took that route again. Well, until that night,
anyway.</p>

<p>Everything started out fine. Trinket led the way to the end of our street, and turned to the left, as we usually do. I tugged on her lead, and started to turn right instead. Trinket hesitated, looking at me and turning her head in that inquisitive way dogs seem to do when they wonder just what the hell you’re doing. After a moment, she relented and followed me. The light was fading, and the street lights flickered and buzzed as we walked beneath them. One of them was out completely, but we kept walking until we came to the road bridge that crossed the canal. We crossed it carefully, as the bridge narrows so much there’s no designated pedestrian footpath, but there were no cars on this narrow road, luckily enough.</p>

<p>Trinket and I stepped down onto the canal path. I could hear the gentle lap of water from some unseen run-off drain that poured into the canal. Trinket was excited again; apparently happy we were going to walk on a different route to her familiar walk. I wish we had stuck to our usual path, then maybe I wouldn’t be in the situation I’m in now. What used to be a mud path had been paved over, and the asphalt surface was definitely an improvement over the old dirt footpath.</p>

<p>I remember the deep purple the horizon turned as the sun was setting. Deep shadows loomed over us, the trees that lined the canal path reaching up into the sky. A breeze picked up, cutting through my coat and chilling me to the bone. As we walked, Trinket occasionally stopped and sniffed at the brambles at the edge of the path, before trotting on. Each time we paused at one of these sniffing spots, I would look up and down the path to make sure we weren’t in the way of any other walkers or joggers. Each time I checked, the route ahead and behind were completely empty. We were the only ones on this path.</p>

<p>We only had about a quarter mile to go to the boarded-up warehouse, and I could see its dark, box shape looming ahead. From what I can tell, it used to belong to a shipping company that ran a fleet of canal boats that would travel across the country using the waterways to deliver coal from nearby mines. But I do know the company shut down in the 50s after some kind of incident. It was common knowledge in the area: a couple of workers died in the warehouse after some kind of chemical spill. All that had been found of them was scarred, pitted bones. The warehouse had been kept locked and boarded up ever since.</p>

<p>As we got closer to the warehouse, I began to feel uneasy. I couldn’t quite place my finger on it at the time, but something felt off. It wasn’t quite 6 o’clock, and though it was dark out, there should have been more people on the path. Walkers, joggers, people out fishing, the usual suspects that would be enjoying a brisk winter evening on a peaceful section of canal were nowhere to be seen, and I found that very unsettling. Trinket was on edge too: she was staring off into the low brush, and her hackles were up. She was making these very quiet barks, almost like she was warning something away but didn’t want to be heard. I’d never seen her so nervous.</p>

<p>We got to the warehouse, where I planned to turn around and head back the way we’d come. It was a large building, three storeys tall, that stretched back a good distance from the canal. Huge, sheet metal fencing extended around the entire building, meeting the edges of the wall that fronted the canal path. The doors and windows were all boarded up with the same metal panels. Whoever had closed this warehouse didn’t want anyone getting in. Or anything getting out.</p>

<p>As we turned around, I looked up at one of the sealed windows. It looked different to the other boarded-up windows. I squinted at it, trying to make it out in the dark. There, at the bottom right corner, the metal panel had been bent inwards, a dark hole leading into the interior of the warehouse. It looked like something had struck the metal sheet with some force. I felt like my eyes were being drawn to that hole, like something was pulling at me, trying to get me to climb up and stick my face inside to see what was there, some weird compulsion of curiosity tinged with fear.</p>

<p>“Okay, let’s go home, Trinket,” I said quietly. Trinket looked up at me.</p>

<p>Don’t let people tell you dogs don’t feel emotion like we do. That’s utter bullshit. Trinket was terrified.</p>

<p>We made it about 100 yards when Trinket suddenly stopped. I tugged on her lead, but she would not budge. She was hunkered down to the ground, ears laid flat back against her head, teeth bared in a snarl I had never seen on her before. A low growl rumbled in her throat.</p>

<p>A rustle from the bush she was glaring at made me snap my head around. I stared at the shaking mass of vegetation, holding my breath, heart racing. I jumped as Trinket let out a loud bark. The rustling shifted and vanished, somewhere off to the right, back towards the warehouse.</p>

<p>I yanked on Trinket’s lead, and she followed me as I began to jog along the path, back towards the safety of home. But after a few seconds, the lead snapped taught as Trinket stopped again. I turned to look at her as she stuck her face into some thick grass at the side of the path.</p>

<p>“Come on, let’s go,” I said urgently.</p>

<p>Trinket’s head reappeared from the undergrowth.</p>

<p>There was a bone clenched between her teeth.</p>

<p>Absolute terror gripped me. I didn’t want to look. I didn’t want to know. I wanted to get home, where it’s bright and safe and warm. I didn’t want to know.</p>

<p>I had to know.</p>

<p>Slowly, I moved closer to the clump of grass and bramble. I gingerly moved thorny branches aside, dread sitting in my stomach.</p>

<p>Two human skulls. A ribcage. Femurs.</p>

<p>There were enough remains here for at least 2 people. If it had just been the bones, I think I could have handled it, but it was the gory red strings of torn flesh and ligaments and muscle that still clung to them in places, streaks of crimson blood and the stench of soured meat that tipped me over the edge.</p>

<p>Bile rose in my throat, and I vomited.</p>

<p>“We have to go.” I pulled Trinket away, the bone she had found discarded on the path.</p>

<p>Suddenly there was a loud rustle and a hiss. Trinket growled and barked, pulling so hard on her lead that I nearly lost my balance.</p>

<p>A dark mass emerged out onto the path just behind us. It was fairly large, about the size of a husky. I think it was the thing that had fled back towards the warehouse. It had come back.</p>

<p>It leapt towards Trinket. I use that description loosely: this thing didn’t have legs, or arms, or any limbs as I could see. It was this amorphous, black shape. It was pure darkness, black even against the darkness around us. It moved almost like a fluid, stretching out from one point in an arc, and as the front touched the ground, the rear part compressed forward until it was one blob-like mass again. But it was fast, just so fucking fast.</p>

<p>It collided with Trinket. My god, the way she shrieked as it made contact with her, the sound piercing my ears, it was horrible. She whined and screamed and snapped at it, but this fucking thing was, I think, trying to consume her.</p>

<p>And suddenly I was consumed with this pure, white-hot rage. I was still scared, terrified even. I had no idea what this thing was. Had we just crossed into its feeding ground? Had it killed and eaten these people whose remains we had found? I had no idea. But what I knew, in that moment, is that it was hurting my dog.</p>

<p>“Get the fuck off her!” I screamed at it, and I lunged forward. I punched downwards at it, my fist sinking into the soft mass, followed by a sharp stabbing pain across the skin of my right hand. It felt like thin needles pressing into my skin, razor sharp shards pushing under the flesh and grazing bone. I pulled back, my hand raw, skin already cracked and bleeding in a dozen places. The thing hadn’t let go of Trinket.</p>

<p>I plunged my fingers into this black mass. It felt weirdly like thick treacle.</p>

<p>And then pain. All over my hand, my fingers, just sheer utter agony. It was like thousands of burning needles stabbing into my flesh. I could feel those tendrils pressing under my skin again, tearing, tugging, pushing and writhing. With an awful grinding sensation, they pushed further and further, up the flesh of my hand, over my wrist. I could see squirming shapes under the skin, climbing, crawling, the entire time feeling that same tugging pull as it began eating my arm from the inside out.</p>

<p>I screamed, trying to grab onto something in this mass to get it off Trinket. I felt something small, but solid, like a rock in the middle of this liquid horror. Through the pain, I fought to get some control over my now-ruined hand, exerting every ounce of willpower I had. I clenched my fingers around the stone and yanked backwards, hard.</p>

<p>With a disgusting squelching sound, the mass released Trinket, and began to flow up my arm towards my shoulder. Whatever this creature was, the rock in my hand must have been its core. Gasping, I drew my arm back. Feeling the stone in my hand, burning hot, I threw it has hard as I could.</p>

<p>Have you ever heard someone trying to pull their leg out of a puddle of mud, that deep, wet sucking sound as the air fills the vacuum between the water, mud and limb as it escapes? That’s as close as I can describe the sound this thing made as it flew off my hand. With a splash, it landed in the canal, and was gone.</p>

<p>I was breathing hard. My heart was pumping, my head was pounding, my arm was throbbing under the fire of screaming nerve endings. I moved my hand up in front of my face to check the damage.</p>

<p>My skin was shredded and torn in dozens of places, flaps of skin and flesh hanging loose, blood oozing from the wounds and dripping from my hand. A couple of my fingernails were missing, and I could barely move my fingers. A whimper to my left brought my attention back to Trinket.</p>

<p>She was standing there, tongue out, ears back. Some of the fur on her front left leg was missing, and there were a couple of small open wounds that looked raw. She limped over to me and whimpered, but she seemed ok. That was the important thing. My darling little girl was ok.</p>

<p>The walk back home was uneventful, but I was on edge the entire time. Every sound, every rustle of a tree or bush made me look around nervously. I was feeling lightheaded and woozy, all too aware of the bleeding ruin of my arm.</p>

<p>We got to the front door of the house. I was shaking and feeling very weak. I fumbled for the keys in my pocket, and unlocked the door. As I opened the door and stepped in, Laura was just coming down the stairs to greet us.</p>

<p>“Hi honey, how was your – oh my God, what happened?”</p>

<p>I briefly explained to Laura what had happened. I was wobbling on my feet, and leaned against the wall for support, leaving a wet, red stain on the white paint.</p>

<p>Laura grabbed her car keys, and helped me out of the door and into the car. She had to help Trinket into the back seat too.</p>

<p>As we drove to the hospital, Laura called the police to warn them of the ‘dangerous animal’ that had attacked her husband and dog. I was only dimly aware of the conversation over the speaker-phone, as I was busy trying not to fall asleep and keep the towel wrapped tight around my bleeding hand. I do remember that, as soon as Laura told them about my injuries and what I had said the thing looked like, the line clicked, and the young woman she had been speaking to was replaced by a gruff, stern sounding man.</p>

<p>I don’t recall what was said, I must have drifted off. I was jolted awake when we arrived at the hospital. Laura helped me inside, but we had to leave Trinket in the car. Her wounds had stopped bleeding, and her ears were perked back up, so she seemed fine.</p>

<p>I was taken to a private room. There were two police officers stood by either side of the door as I was wheeled in, but they didn’t even glance at me.</p>

<p>I was examined by a couple of doctors. Over half of the skin had been taken off my right hand, and there was damage to the muscle and tendons in my fingers. There was some nerve damage, too. I was told I would lose some of the mobility in my hand, but once the skin and flesh had healed, they could look at physiotherapy to establish what my range of motion would be and help restore movement.</p>

<p>I was kept in the hospital for a couple of days. They ran multiple blood tests, took x-rays, I even went in for an EEG. I don’t know why they needed to do that for a hand injury, but I guess the doctors know best.</p>

<p>The police interviewed me a couple of times while I was recovering. They asked me the same questions each time: Where I had been walking? Was anyone else there at the time of the incident? What did the animal look like again? What colour was it? Had I been drinking that evening? And every time, I would tell them the same things: I was walking along the canal and we passed the old warehouse. There was no-one else on the path at any time during my walk. It wasn’t an animal, it was some black mass of living liquid. Yes, I said black, like purest darkness. No, I hadn’t been fucking drinking. Sorry officer, it’s just the pain is making me short tempered, I apologise for swearing at you.</p>

<p>Their official statement is I was attacked by a badger. A fucking badger. What a joke. Badgers aren’t made of living nightmare, they don’t ooze their way up your arm and under your skin and tear your flesh out from the inside while trying to eat you alive. And that’s another thing, the police told me they didn’t find any bones or blood or anything else that would suggest anyone else had been attacked. I find that hard to believe.</p>

<p>I was released yesterday. Laura came and picked me up from the hospital. She visited me every day, but also had to take care of Trinket and keep going to work. Can you believe that, they wouldn’t let her take any additional ‘compassionate leave’ to spend time with her injured husband? Dicks.</p>

<p>Trinket greeted my as soon as we got home. She came bounding out of the kitchen, tail wagging and ears perked up, like usual, but when she jumped up to me, she seemed to pause. Her ears went back and she whimpered, then ran off into the living room.</p>

<p>“She hasn’t seen you for a few days, honey,” Laura said comfortingly. “And she’s never seen you with your arm bandaged like that. She’s just being moody.”</p>

<p>It took Trinket a couple of hours to finally sit on the sofa next to me. She usually will jump onto the seat next to me and lay her head on my lap, but when she sat next to me, she just kind of stared at me. When I went to pet her, she recoiled at first, but then let me stroke her head. She’s being really nervous around me.</p>

<p>As much as that does bother me, the worst thing is the coughing. Last night my shoulder was aching, a deep, dull throb that spread into my collarbone and chest. Since I woke up this morning, every couple of hours, I can feel a sharp pain in my chest, almost like there’s a small bubble between my lungs and ribs. I’ll start coughing for a few minutes, and I struggle to catch my breath before it passes. But the last coughing fit was the worst, and my lungs felt like they were on fire. It felt like there was some phlegm stuck in my throat as I coughed. I ran into the bathroom, and finally managed to cough it up.</p>

<p>A small, black blob was writhing in the sink.</p>
</div><!-- SC_ON -->




  </div>
</body>
</html>