<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no" ?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>I could have died in a school shooting</title>

<meta content="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body class="mainbody">
  <div class="paragraphtext">

	<h1>
		I could have died in a school shooting by MrHavoc415

	</h1>
	<br/><br/>


	
	<!-- SC_OFF --><div class="md"><p>I remember this day like yesterday and although I wasn&#39;t there, it feels like I was. It traumatizes me to this day.</p>

<p>Here&#39;s some context: This happened when I was 16, Im 20 now. I was that type of kid that didn&#39;t really care about my education. I was typically tardy and absent. </p>

<p>It was a Sunday night and I was debating wether or not I wanted to go to school the next day. I ended up coming to this consensus with myself that I would go, it was a Monday and we all hate Mondays but I would go just to get it out of the way. However, that Monday morning, I woke up with a nasty headache and didn&#39;t feel like getting out of bed. I told my parents how I felt and they said that I could stay home but I would have to go the next day. So that morning I stayed in bed trying to get some rest. I ended up taking a couple of aspirins to ease that terrible headache. </p>

<p>At about 9:15 I get this text from my friend. We&#39;re super close and had about 3 classes together. So anyway, he messages me saying &quot;Bro, you&#39;ll never believe what happened. We&#39;re in a lockdown right now. Apparently someone was seen with a gun on campus.&quot; I replied with a &quot;holy shit, that&#39;s insane. Do they know who it is?&quot;. He hit me back with &quot;nah, not yet. Everyone here is going crazy tho, they&#39;re telling us not to panic but there&#39;s a psycho with a gun over here.&quot; &quot;Well keep me posted then&quot; I answered. I headed back to bed, but couldn&#39;t sleep. Thinking about that situation had me on edge. </p>

<p>I finally passed out and woke up to the vibration of my phone. I read it and my blood ran cold. &quot;Holy shit man some classrooms got shot up and some people are seriously hurt, I haven&#39;t heard who specifically yet but fuck, and the guy who did it, holy fuck you wont believe it.&quot; I replied with &quot;damn, who did it? Which classes did they shoot?&quot; I remember shaking uncontrollably as I read the messages. &quot;Mr fucking Tucker did it, and holy fuck the h classes were hit, apparently some kids died, Don&#39;t you have classes over there? Shit Im losing my mind man&quot;.</p>

<p>I was so confused, Mr. Tucker, the teacher that was fired the previous week. I then received the next message &quot;The cops were in a shootout with Tucker, he shot some cops too. He&#39;s dead now&quot;. Well apparently a couple weekends ago, a student saw Mr. Tucker dealing drugs and took a video of it. The student showed the principal the next week and he was fired. I never had Mr. Tucker but he seemed like a laid back guy and he never appeared to be drugged up. He had a breakdown when he was told he was fired and left angry, cussing out the rest of the staff. I turned on the news to see this incident being the highlight, a helicopter cam capturing the crime scene. </p>

<p>They didn&#39;t announce who was injured, who was dead, etc. They evacuated shortly after and the school was closed for several weeks after. I remember two days had past before they announced the victims. As I saw who they were announcing, I started tearing up, I started shaking uncontrollably. I felt so, so sad for the kids and their families. I noticed some of the victims were kids in the same class I had. Geometry, second period. I came to the realization that I could have been there, I could have died that day. If it wasn&#39;t for that headache, I could have shared the same fate as my classmates, God rest their souls. To this day, that event makes me appreciate life a little more, it&#39;s terrifying. </p>
</div><!-- SC_ON -->




  </div>
</body>
</html>