<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no" ?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>I have always had Epilepsy. Please help!</title>

<meta content="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body class="mainbody">
  <div class="paragraphtext">

	<h1>
		I have always had Epilepsy. Please help! by Heavenli

	</h1>
	<br/><br/>


	
	<!-- SC_OFF --><div class="md"><p>So when I woke up, in the morning 2 days ago I felt the same as  any other day. I didn’t want to move out of my lovely bed and snoozed as much as I could get away with.
I could feel my partners warm body next to me and I just wanted to stay in bed with him but unfortunately I have to work for a living so I peeled myself out of bed.</p>

<p>I got straight up and went into the bathroom to take a shower and noticed a bottle of shampoo and conditioner on the shelf that I do not use.
Now I’m vegan and only use certain products and these were ones that were a big no no. However I was still half asleep so didn’t think too much of it. I got in the shower and when I got out, and felt more refreshed, I started noticing other little differences.</p>

<p>I was sure the toilet roll holder was on the wrong side of the toilet and my toothbrush was red instead of green. A wooden shelf which holds most of my toiletries was replaced by a mental wire one. I still kind of thought I was just half dreaming still and decided the best thing would be to just get out of the bathroom and make some coffee.</p>

<p>However, I was not prepared for the shock that was to come. As I walked out of the bathroom I could see my partners body shape in the bed with his head sticking out faced away from
me. My partner is half Turkish and has dark hair and eyes and olive skin. This man, in my bed, had a mop of blonde hair. I closed my eyes and counted to ten and opened them again and the blonde haired man was still in my bed.</p>

<p>I then heard a voice shouting Mum and a little girl came into the room I guessed at the time she was about 4. She came and grabbed my hand and asked me to make breakfast. God knows how I looked as I was so dumbfounded. I said “sweetie who are you and what are you doing here”. She replied “Stop being silly mummy” and she pulled my hand and i walked downstairs with her.</p>

<p>The house downstairs was pretty much identical to my own house, that I knew, but I did notice the subtle differences. In the living room the tv was at the opposite side of the room and there was a coffee table in the middle of the room I had never seen before. In the kitchen there was no coffee machine, just a kettle, and the microwave and toaster were red instead of blue. I also looked down when I heard a little noise and realised it was a cat rubbing itself around my legs
Meowing.</p>

<p>Now I love all animals but I have never owned a cat. I have a dog named Sampson who is a pit bull cross and 15 years old. As I had cancer at a young age I couldn’t have children so Sampson was my child and I loved him like one. So this cat rubbing around my legs only confused me further.</p>

<p>This small child who kept calling me mummy asked me to make her breakfast and asked if we were still going to the beach today. I told her that I have to go to work,as I didn’t know what else to say, and at that point I was still in shock. She laughed and said “Silly mummy you don’t work anymore because Daddy has a really good job so you get to spend more time with me”.It was then I heard heavy feet coming down the stairs and the blonde haired stranger came into the kitchen.</p>

<p>He said “Hey my two beautiful girls, are we ready for the beach today”. I couldn’t speak I felt frozen like I was incapable of speaking or moving. I remember him saying oh my god honey are you ok and then it all went black.</p>

<p>I woke up in hospital dazed and confused and saw a nurse at the side of me checking my blood pressure. She hadnt realised I had woken up and after a few seconds I felt a smile form. I realised then I must have been dreaming during a seizure or something and the blonde man and the child didn’t exist and I wasn’t going crazy.</p>

<p>For as long as I can remember I have always had epilepsy but hadn’t had a seizure for about 3 years so it was odd but not a complete surprise. The nurse realised I was awake and she asked how I was feeling. She said” I will let your husband in to see you now”. I went to say hes not my husband yet when around the curtain in walked blonde guy and the little girl.
I found out blonde guy was named James and we had apparently been together for 7 years and had our daughter Ellie 5 years ago. We had met online and fell in love instantly. I managed to find all of this by feigning memory loss just to get the information quickly.</p>

<p>James started saying how worried he was when he saw the seizure and he thought I was going to die and he hadn’t know what it was. I told him that although I hadn’t had a seizure for a while Epilepsy doesn’t ever really go away but then I found out, of course, apparently I don’t even have Epilepsy and I am not on treatment for it.</p>

<p>I had enough then and I broke down in tears and blurted all of it out. How I didn’t know him, that I’m not married, don’t have children and do have Epilepsy. I got into such a state that a nurse came running in and asked James to leave and Ellie was also getting very upset.</p>

<p>The nurse went out quickly and came back in with a glass of water. She said “James” had shown her pictures of me and him together to prove he was my husband. She said it was probably because of the seizure my memories were muddled and I was going to be sent for a head scan and then a dr would see me.</p>

<p>I had the scan and about an hour after the dr came to see me. There was no sign of James and Ellie which I was glad of. The dr diagnosed  me with Temporal lobe epilepsy which I already knew I had. I tried to tell the dr this and tried to tell him that when I woke up this morning everything, including my husband, was different and that I could not have children as I had cancer young.</p>

<p>He went out and came back in and in a grave face told me he had reviewed my medical records and I had never had cancer nor been diagnosed with Epilepsy. I was to stay in hospital for observation and the he said within a few days my memory should be back to how it was. </p>

<p>The next day James came to see minus Ellie and said she had found it all too upsetting. I stuck by what I had said and he was upset but still stuck by the belief it was due to the seizure. As my memory was still off I stayed in another night. Earlier today James came to see me again and brought my phone. He told me to look through all the pictures and videos of us together and then he left. I did look and there was our wedding pictures, me pregnant with Ellie and pictures of holidays abroad.</p>

<p>I’m still in the hospital and have been told the dr wants to keep me in another night. I’m so frightened I don’t know what to do. I tried phoning  my best friend but her phone was out of service and I don’t recognise any of the names  in my phone. One is under the name Mum which I can’t bring myself to ring as my mum died 7 years ago. If anyone has any suggestions of what may be happening to me it would be much appreciated. I have no clue what to think but know I’m not crazy.</p>
</div><!-- SC_ON -->




  </div>
</body>
</html>