<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no" ?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>I love my wife.</title>

<meta content="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body class="mainbody">
  <div class="paragraphtext">

	<h1>
		I love my wife. by capuslizn

	</h1>
	<br/><br/>


	
	<!-- SC_OFF --><div class="md"><p>The day I met Janette was the best day of my entire life. Second only to the day I married her.</p>

<p>I’ll never forget how pristine she looked walking down the aisle towards me. Her dress a blinding white complementing her porcelain skin perfectly. Her dark hair resting in beautiful curls held in place by pearl-decorated pins. I’ll never forget how fragile the veil felt in my fingers as I lifted it from her face to kiss her.</p>

<p>That’s my wife. My charming, beautiful, witty, wife.</p>

<p>We dated for four years before I finally asked her to wed me. Our relationship was perfect. We shared similar interests, and those we didn’t, the other quickly grew to love. She was truly my other half. The yin to my yang, the light to my darkness. My one and only.</p>

<p>Her family loved me, and my family loved her. Our wedding preparations went by so quickly it barely felt like it happened at all. First, we were two big-eyed kids in love with each other, and then suddenly we were married in a beautiful house of our own. </p>

<p>It was a dream. The relationship everyone pines for, we had it. And with barely any effort at all. Just me and Janette against the world.</p>

<p>Two years after we tied the knot, Janette became pregnant. Children were never in our plans, but you know what they say. Nothing’s 100% effective.</p>

<p>She was glowing as her belly swelled up, she was the epitome of motherly beauty and she hadn’t even had our child yet. But she was deeply in love with it. She talked to it all the time, and convinced me to do the same, but it never felt right.</p>

<p>Of course, she was my beautiful darling Janette, I would do anything for her. The thought of throwing away our rambunctious life of travel and young-love wasn’t even a thought when I saw how happy stroking her stomach made her look. Even after all these years, even a smile from her was enough to floor me.</p>

<p>That’s my wife. I love her so much more than anyone could know.</p>

<p>I tried so hard to be a good father. When the child came, a beautiful baby girl; Abigail, I helped Janette out as much as I could. The birth had done a number on her physically, so I took charge and pampered her as I cared for our daughter.</p>

<p>They always tell you how newborns scream, but they never convey how sharp the sound is.</p>

<p>“One more person to join our love-fest.” Janette would joke, kissing Abigail on top of her bald little head. I hated when she said that. But I loved her so much. Anything she loved, I would grow to.</p>

<p>I did a lot of research when Abigail came, I wanted to be prepared. I wanted to be the dedicated and loving husband Janette expected me to be. I would do anything for her.</p>

<p>Abigail was cute, and she smelled amazing, and she gurgled in the most perfect way if you tickled her cheeks. But she screamed so loudly in the night I feared for my life sometimes when she woke me.</p>

<p>Janette would just smile with tired eyes. “It’s fine, Tom. I’d do anything for her. Even wake up every ten minutes at 2am.”</p>

<p>I remember when she&#39;d say the same to me, when I&#39;d surprise her in the early hours of the morning to make love. But Janette loved her so dearly, so I tried to as well.</p>

<p>In my research I learned about SIDS. A truly terrifying condition that would take infants for seemingly no reason whatsoever, often due to difficulty breathing properly.</p>

<p>When Abigail fell victim to it, Janette tore herself apart. She was inconsolable. I took care of her for months after that, being the pillar she could lean on in this time of grief. It was the saddest I’ve ever seen her, and I knew I never wanted to see it again. Our love was the only thing that held her upright while she grieved, as I knew it would. I did the best I could for her. After all, I love my wife.</p>

<p>I resolved to get a vasectomy, so we would never be faced with such a horrible situation ever again. Janette was okay with it, as much as it pained her to think of children at all anymore. Children were never in our plans of course, and if one were to come again like Abigail, I don’t think I’d be able to do it. I love Janette too much to hurt her again. I would die for that woman. I would kill for that woman.</p>
</div><!-- SC_ON -->




  </div>
</body>
</html>