<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no" ?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>I recently bought a mansion in Vermont</title>

<meta content="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body class="mainbody">
  <div class="paragraphtext">

	<h1>
		I recently bought a mansion in Vermont by ItadakiYT

	</h1>
	<br/><br/>


	
	<!-- SC_OFF --><div class="md"><p>I’ve always been one fortunate guy. My dad was the CEO of a large meat company, making me the spoiled son of a millionaire. I finished college a month back, graduating with barely passing grades due to a lot of partying so I decided it was time to settle down for a comfortable life. I bought a mansion in Vermont, a fairly old stone brick structure in the middle of a large forested area about half a mile from the city. Since then, some rather odd things happened to me during my first year of living there. Below are excerpts from the log I keep, describing the strange events.       </p>

<ul>
<li><p>A week after I moved in, I had a party with a bunch of my friends. We wanted to turn on the fountain in the front of the house, so I went down to the basement to find the switch. The basement was a cool and damp place and all the lights were dead. I brought a flashlight but the battery ran out halfway to my surprise, I changed the batteries a day ago so I wasn’t sure why. I found the switch for the fountain and ran up the stairs. Turns out the fountain didn’t work because it was clogged with “coagulated green slime”. The plumber told me it was probably rotting algae. The plumber also disappeared the night he was repairing the fountain.      </p></li>
<li><p>I got lost on the third floor today. After leaving the bathroom from throwing up from last night’s drink, I found myself in a less familiar hallway. I opened the door across the hall and found myself peering down a dark stairwell. I could hear something dripping from the bottom. I tried many other doors and they led to strange rooms, colored red, green, blue, as if they were children’s rooms. One room led to an indoor garden. I never saw these rooms before, so I came to the conclusion that I was still drunk. I wasn’t.       </p></li>
<li><p>Someone has been breathing down my neck all day today. At least that’s what it feels like. I’ve closed all the windows because I thought it may have been drafts of wind today, even though the weather was perfectly still. It still continued, even when I was lying in bed that night.     </p></li>
<li><p>I feel like food has been missing from my refrigerator lately. Numerous steaks and my salami has gone missing over the span of one week. I checked around the house to see if I had misplaced them while I was drunk but I stopped because I felt like I was being followed. Trails of warm putrid smelling liquid also covered my floors one evening. I wiped them down with paper towels but the stench was burning my nostrils. I felt like it was melting my flesh because of the smell. It was melting the paper towels however, I had to use a whole roll to clean it completely. I think there’s a stray dog or raccoon in my house eating my food. I would call an exterminator but I think I can handle it by myself.      </p></li>
</ul>

<p>I’ll continue updating my list of occurrences and maybe later post them if they continue to bother me. I’ve asked many people if they know what’s going on but no one seems to have the same experiences as mine. The previous owners wouldn’t respond to my emails too. They sent me one email and one only, saying “Please Leave.” </p>
</div><!-- SC_ON -->




  </div>
</body>
</html>