<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no" ?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>Last jewelry heist went very wrong – need help</title>

<meta content="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body class="mainbody">
  <div class="paragraphtext">

	<h1>
		Last jewelry heist went very wrong – need help by JeffreyFMiller

	</h1>
	<br/><br/>


	
	<!-- SC_OFF --><div class="md"><p>Jeff isn’t my real name, and none of the other names are, either. You’ll see why. Usually, I keep my mouth shut tight about my work, but I’m stuck in something way out of my depth and need help. If any of you can tell me how to get out this alive and in one piece, I’d be greatly in your debt. Here’s the situation.</p>

<p>I hadn’t had a job in a little over a month. My last score had actually been pretty good, but I’d paid for too many rounds and hadn’t had the best luck at craps. I was down to my last five hundred bucks, so a couple of weeks ago, I quietly started getting the word out that I was available to work again. </p>

<p>I’m not a heavy. I don’t carry a gun, and I don’t rough people up. I’m a safecracker. I used to be an honest locksmith years ago, but that’s a 50-hour-a-week drudge. Nowadays, I put in eight or nine hours on a job, and the rest of the month is mine.</p>

<p>Anyway, last week, I was enjoying a pint with a few of the boys at an Irish pub downtown. Ben, the bartender, gave me a look when he poured my second pint, and I knew what that meant. I excused myself to go to the bathroom, and saw that Ben was already in the back alley.</p>

<p>“How badly do you want to work?” he asked. </p>

<p>I shrugged. “I could use a job. What’s the problem?”</p>

<p>“There’s a guy I know. Friend of a friend. I can’t vouch for him personally, and, to be honest, he’s weird. But my friend says he’s solid. Always pays well. Jobs go off without a hitch.”</p>

<p>“Weird how?”</p>

<p>Ben looked away from me and pursed his lips. He shook his head. “I don’t know. He just gives me the heebie-jeebies.”</p>

<p>“Really?” I smirked. “The heebie-jeebies?” </p>

<p>“Hey, fuck you. See for yourself. He’s looking for a good safecracker, and he’s sitting in the corner alone. Orange hoodie. Can’t miss him. If it goes bad, don’t blame me. I warned you.”</p>

<p>He opened the door to the bar. “And I’d better get my finder’s fee.” Ben shut the door, hard.</p>

<p>Just as Ben said, he was hard to miss. Bright orange hoodie, dirty jeans, and a Tampa Bay Buccaneers baseball cap. He was chubby, and wore an ugly class ring with a false ruby on his left hand. I sat down.</p>

<p>“You’re the guy, huh?” he said.</p>

<p>“Ben said you need a locksmith.”</p>

<p>“That I do. He said you’re skilled, you keep your mouth shut, and you follow directions. Is that right?”</p>

<p>I was beginning to understand what Ben meant. I couldn’t tell you why I felt the way I did, but the more he spoke, the more I felt my skin crawl. </p>

<p>“That’s right. What have you got in mind?”</p>

<p>“Let’s take a walk.”</p>

<p>I did not want to be alone with this guy. But I also knew that I was going to run out of money in about a week, and I didn’t have any other prospects. So, I stood up and left the bar with him, shooting a look at my buddies to come look for me if I wasn’t back soon. We walked down a nearly deserted side street, and he gave me the details. </p>

<p>It was crazy. The joint he had in mind was a jewelry store downtown. I knew it. Nothing too pricy, but they didn’t sell zircons, either. He wanted me to put a black bag over my head and walk inside during business hours. A black bag with no eyeholes. He said that once I was inside, he’d tell me the rest.</p>

<p>“This is your plan?” I said, quietly. “You and Ben can go fuck yourselves. I’m a professional, and I don’t put up with practical jokes.” </p>

<p>He gave me a shit-eating grin while he reached into the pocket of his hoodie. For a second, I thought he was going to knife me, so I backed away. But it was just a lighter. </p>

<p>Then he was gone. Vanished. </p>

<p>A light tap on my shoulder nearly made me cry out. It was him. Behind me. </p>

<p>“You need me to show you anything else? I’m not sure you’d like it, but I can be more impressive if you still need convincing.”</p>

<p>I was too rattled to do anything but shake my head.</p>

<p>“Tomorrow at noon, then. The park across the street from the store?”</p>

<p>I stammered a yes.</p>

<p>“Good. I’ll bring the bag. You bring your tools. You’ll like the split.” And he named a figure so large it just about made me choke.</p>

<p>He continued down the street, while I doubled back for another round of beers. I gave Ben a wad of cash for his trouble. </p>

<p>“What the fuck did you get me into, Ben?”</p>

<p>He just shrugged and went back to polishing pint glasses.</p>

<p>The next morning, I examined and cleaned my tools, though they didn’t really need cleaning, and triple checked that I had everything I’d need. Satisfied, I put on my lucky shirt, a genuine Sandy Koufax jersey from his 1965 season. Years ago, we hit some rich douchebag who was into sports memorabilia, and I took it as part of my share. It hasn’t failed me yet. I put a jacket on over the jersey, grabbed my tools and left to go meet Mr. Black Bag.</p>

<p>He was sitting on a bench in a small park cattycorner from the jewelry store, wearing the same clothes as the day before. I sat down next to him and opened a newspaper I’d bought on the way over. For a few minutes, we said nothing. Then, he placed a large black bag and an old-fashioned key beside him. Without looking at me, he began to speak. </p>

<p>“I’m going to get up and go into the store,” he said, calmly and deliberately. “When I enter, count to 20, walk briskly to the entrance, and pull the bag over your head. Bring the key. I’ll direct you verbally to the safe when you’re inside.”</p>

<p>With that, he got up and crossed the street, as casually as a man going out for coffee and a bun. </p>

<p>I didn’t see him put on a mask before he entered, which worried me, because I knew there were guards and cameras inside. A couple of years ago, I’d cased this place myself, and security was tight. Without someone on the inside, we didn’t see how it could work, so we abandoned the idea.</p>

<p>I started counting. Every bone in my body wanted to ditch this job, but Ben had vouched for this creep, mostly, and he’d never steered me wrong before. Besides, if I left, my reputation would be trashed, and it wasn’t out of the question I’d get two behind the ear. And with this head case? Maybe worse than that. In any case, I didn’t hear any alarms or commotion, and it was too late to pull out now.</p>

<p>I reached twenty, took a deep breath and crossed the street. I glanced furtively to my left and right. It didn’t seem that anyone was paying attention to me, so I pulled the bag over my head – it was made of rough cotton and smelled like old socks – and slipped inside.</p>

<p>The store was deathly silent. I could feel the presence of other people, but they didn’t seem to be moving and certainly weren’t making any noise. I’m not even sure they were breathing, but that might be because my own breath was so loud inside the bag. It was hot, and the rough fabric I felt gooseflesh rising on my arms and neck.</p>

<p>“Four steps forward, turn to your right 90 degrees, and straight ahead for 12 more paces. That will bring you to the counter. Take your time. There’s no hurry.”</p>

<p>I tried not to piss myself and cautiously did as he said. I hated walking blind, but his directions were good. I could feel the gate that led behind the counter.</p>

<p>“Open it. Three paces forward and you’ll be at the door to the back office. It will be empty. Close the door behind you, and remove the bag. You’ll see the safe. Make sure the key is touching your skin the entire time while you open it.”</p>

<p>As I opened the gate and walked to the door, he continued to give instructions. </p>

<p>“Take only the purple sack, and close the safe back up. Do not open the sack. Make sure you do not open the door or even look through the window to the showroom without the bag covering your head again.”</p>

<p>As soon as I closed the office door behind me, I took that god-awful bag off my head and took a deep breath of clean air.</p>

<p>The office was small and sparsely furnished. A wooden desk with a landline phone, a floor lamp that was turned on, and a bookshelf packed with gemology references decades out of date. </p>

<p>Plus, a safe. A large top-of-the-line safe. </p>

<p>I couldn’t crack a safe with one hand, so I shoved the key into my sock. Crazy, I know, but with this guy, I wasn’t going to take any chances. Not yet, anyway. Someone had doodled all around the dial with a permanent marker, which was strange, but it was easier to open than I’d expected. It took just ten minutes. The safe didn’t make a sound as I opened it.</p>

<p>For a moment, I couldn’t do anything but stare. I’d expected to see jewelry, cash, loose stones, maybe even drugs or a few guns. But there wasn’t any of that.</p>

<p>The safe was full of junk. I didn’t look through it all, but what I saw made me uneasy: Monopoly pieces carved out of bone, sepia prints of children with their mouths open far too wide, what looked like an Elvis Presley death mask, a stack of quarters with Washington’s eyes scratched out ... you get the idea. The worst, though? The worst was a pile of crayon drawings of the 9/11 attacks. Even though they were clearly done by kindergartners, they felt more vivid and horrible than actual photos from the scene.  </p>

<p>After a couple of minutes of searching, I found it: a purple Crown Royal sack with the cords cinched shut. I closed the safe and glanced toward the door. It was on the right-hand wall, so I couldn’t see into the showroom, but a sickly glow shone in through the window in the door. It made me feel lightheaded. </p>

<p>Maybe it was the light that made me do it, or maybe I just wanted to see how far this freak show went. Either way, I know what gemstones feel like, and this sack wasn’t filled with jewels. </p>

<p>“Fuck it,” I said and sat down at the desk to open the sack. </p>

<p>I can still hardly believe what was inside. The sack was full of colorless glass marbles, and each one contained the roughly sawed-off head of an action figure: GI Joe, My Little Pony, Star Wars and a bunch of others I didn’t recognize. </p>

<p>I couldn’t imagine he was going to all this trouble for flea-market garbage, so I looked closer, figuring this had to be some kind of a scheme for smuggling. Maybe the marbles melted down into drugs? Or were some kind of explosive? Some kind of spy shit, maybe? </p>

<p>That’s when I started and almost tipped over the desk chair. Every single one of those sawed-off doll heads was facing up. I’d swear I’d seen those heads turn to stare directly at me. </p>

<p>I closed the sack, went to the door, and pulled the black bag over my head, my heart pounding. When I entered the showroom, the guy asked if I’d gotten it, and I nodded. He directed me to the front door, and told me to remove the black bag without turning around. He’d meet me in the park shortly.</p>

<p>Five minutes after I sat down on the bench, he joined me. </p>

<p>“You got it?”</p>

<p>I handed him the Crown Royal sack, the black bag and the key.</p>

<p>“You didn’t open it, did you?”</p>

<p>“Of course not. When do I get my end?”</p>

<p>“Right now,” and he handed me a manila envelope stuffed with enough cash to last me at least six months. I couldn’t believe he’d do this out in public, but no one paid us any mind. I stashed it in my tool bag.</p>

<p>“You did well. If I need you again, I’ll let Ben know.”</p>

<p>And with that, he stood up and walked away. </p>

<p>It was nearly 12:30 pm, and I needed a beer and a burger. Several beers, actually. On my way out of the park, I glanced back at the jewelry store. Customers were going in and out of the front door as if nothing had happened.</p>

<p>I sat down at my favorite bar and grill and tried to catch the bartender’s attention, but she was with another customer. I dug in my pocket to find my phone while I waited. </p>

<p>Instead of pulling out my phone, though, I pulled out one of those marbles. Embedded in its center was the head of some weird Japanese manga character. Huge eyes with a little grin on its face. I couldn’t tell if it was a boy or a girl. </p>

<p>I knew I had left every one of those marbles in the sack. I’d never even picked any up. I stepped outside, dropped it down a sewer gate, and took my seat again, wiping the cold sweat off my forehead.</p>

<p>The bartender was standing directly in front of me.</p>

<p>“You look nervous, honey. Something wrong?”</p>

<p>“Just hungry. Probably coming down with something. Give me a burger and whatever’s good on tap.”</p>

<p>She didn’t move.</p>

<p>“What are you looking at? I said a burger and a beer.”</p>

<p>She smiled, and said, “What’s your name again?”</p>

<p>“Jane, I’ve been in here twice a week for years. What kind of game are you playing?”</p>

<p>“Just feeling flirty,” she said, not flirty at all. </p>

<p>I ate the burger and drank the beer, but everything had felt so wrong today, including Jane, I decided to skip a second beer and go home. I had beer in my fridge. </p>

<p>When Jane brought the tab, I laid down a twenty, and she glared at me. </p>

<p>“Not paying with a card?”</p>

<p>“Jane, what the fuck? I always pay cash. What do you care?”</p>

<p>Her face turned mean, and she grabbed my wrist with a strength I didn’t expect.</p>

<p>“Why did you steal from me?’ she hissed, so close to my face, I could feel the spittle hitting my cheeks. “You do not want me to visit you in person. Give me your name.”</p>

<p>I broke away and ran out into the street, knocking down an old man with a cane. I apologized, profusely, and helped steady him with my arm. But as I brought him to his feet, he grabbed my neck, choking me. </p>

<p>“Who hired you? I will have the flesh chewed off your bones if you do not tell me. I couldn’t see your master, but I know someone with power was there.”</p>

<p>I kneed the old man in the groin, and he doubled over in pain. People on the sidewalk gasped. One young guy tried to be a hero, chasing after me, but I’ve been chased before and lost him after a couple of blocks. Thankfully, we didn’t run into any cops. I chalked that up to my lucky jersey.</p>

<p>I had a nasty bruise on my neck and didn’t want to see anyone else at this point, so I took back alleys and crossed a vacant lot to my building. When I reached my floor, my mobile started ringing. I stepped inside my apartment and answered. It was Ben.</p>

<p>“That guy called. He sounds pissed off. The fuck did you do?”</p>

<p>“I did the job. He paid me. It’s done.”</p>

<p>“Well, he’s shitting a brick. Said that you’d better call him or he’d take it out on me. Call him. Now.”</p>

<p>Ben gave me a number and hung up before I could say anything more.</p>

<p>What could I do? I called him.</p>

<p>“You looked, you idiot. You opened the bag! There’s only 39 marbles, and there’s supposed to be 40. Do you have any idea what you’ve done?”</p>

<p>“Marbles? What are you talking about? I didn’t look. It was none of my business.”</p>

<p>“You’re a terrible liar. Look, we can work this out. Tell me where you live and what it looks like.”</p>

<p>“What do you mean what it …”</p>

<p>“The face. Tell me what the face in the marble looks like. Give me your address, and I can take care of it.”</p>

<p>“Are you crazy? A face? What the hell did you have me steal?”</p>

<p>He went quiet for a moment. When he spoke again, it was in a different tone. Friendly, almost.</p>

<p>“Ok, fine. Maybe there were just 39 in the sack. Tell me what else was in the safe.”</p>

<p>I was a little shaken by the sudden change of tone, but I started to tell him anyway. The Monopoly pieces, the mask, the photos, the drawings … and then I shut up, because I suddenly knew what he was up to. </p>

<p>That weirdo was tracing my location. I opened the back of my mobile and removed the battery. </p>

<p>I was just thinking what a chore it would be to circulate a new number when I heard, “C’mon my lovely little locksmith. Did you think you’d get rid of me that easily? It’ll be easier for you if you stay put.”</p>

<p>The battery was in my right hand and the phone was in my left, but he was still talking to me through the device. Without hesitation, I opened the window and dropped both of them four stories to the concrete. I didn’t wait to see them smash before I started packing a bag. </p>

<p>As I packed, I noticed a bulge in the outer pocket of my suitcase. Thinking I might have forgotten some toiletries from my last trip, I unzipped it up and reached inside. It wasn’t soap or a mini-bottle of shampoo. It was the marble. Again. </p>

<p>As I held it, those huge manga eyes turned slowly in their non-existent sockets to stare at me. It was no longer smiling. </p>

<p>I got a mallet and pounded the marble on a cutting board until it shattered. I flushed the glass down the toilet and melted the plastic head in a cast iron pan. It smelled horrible. As I jogged to my car, I tossed the pan in a sidewalk garbage can.</p>

<p>Ten hours later, I was in a room at a Motel 6 in the middle of nowhere, playing solitaire on a wobbly desk in the corner. The TV was on, but I wasn’t watching. I just wanted the white noise. </p>

<p>I heard something clank and looked up. The door latch had flipped open, and the doorknob was turning. I stood up and grabbed the desk lamp. Not much of a weapon, but it’d have to do.</p>

<p>He walked inside, still wearing that hideous orange hoodie, and closed the door as if the room belonged to him. The television made a popping sound and went black. The overhead light faded to nothing. I felt my stomach drop and muttered curses under my breath.</p>

<p>“I’m sorry to do this. Really, I am. But you opened yourself up to her by opening that bag, and she can get to me through you. It won’t hurt, though. I promise you that. You won’t feel a thing.”</p>

<p>As he spoke, he removed things from his pockets. In his right fist, he held a lighter. In the other, a gnarled human hand with wicks coming out of each of the fingers and the thumb. They were melted halfway down. I don’t know how, but I was certain this wasn’t a replica. It was real or, at least, it had been, once.</p>

<p>As he lit it, a pale light painted the room the color of bile, growing stronger as each wick caught fire. Once his grisly candelabra was fully illuminated, he put the lighter away and, with a look of disgust on his face, drew a large knife. I stood, frozen. </p>

<p>He walked towards me, but stopped abruptly a couple of feet from where I stood, grimacing. He tried to walk forward again, but was stopped a second time, as if he’d run into a wall of glass. I think it was then he realized that the sickly light from his candle didn’t quite fill the room. It stopped at the edge of a circle made of sand.</p>

<p>You see, about nine hours earlier, I’d stopped at a McDonald’s off the highway for some coffee and decided to look through my old road atlas while I waited in line at the drive-thru. But instead of grabbing the atlas from the glove box, I brought back that same marble for a third time. The manga head looked like it was snarling at me, and I could see fangs in its mouth. </p>

<p>I wanted to cry, but after a minute of pounding on the steering wheel while screaming, I regained my composure and accepted that running was pointless. One of these two freaks would find me eventually. </p>

<p>When the garbled voice from the drive-thru speaker gave me one last chance to tell her who had hired me, the choice was simple. She wanted him, and he almost certainly wanted me dead. I came clean and made a deal with her. </p>

<p>She told me the words I needed, and I stopped at a Kmart to buy the materials. A 25-pound bag of play sand was all they had, but the Elmo doll on the endcap told me it would work just fine. </p>

<p>Continuing the circle under the bed and the other furniture was a pain in the ass, and I was terrified that he would break it when he entered the room, but he didn’t. Just as she instructed, I’d left the marble on the desk so she could find him.</p>

<p>He begged me to free him as I shimmied around the edge of the motel room, careful to stay outside the circle. As I climbed over the bed with my back against the wall, he pleaded with me not to leave him there for her, but I ignored him. I knew that even if he screamed, she’d make sure no one did anything before she arrived, and she’d said she’d clean up once she was finished. Nothing would be traced back to me. Besides, I was 100 percent certain he’d still kill me if I let him go.</p>

<p>This morning, I received a box in the mail, no return address. Inside was a bright orange hoodie that looked as if it had been half devoured by moth larvae. It was covered in rusty stains. I put on a pair of gloves and dropped the hoodie in the trash. I’ll burn it later.</p>

<p>Underneath were two more objects. The first was a waxy, severed hand with unburnt wicks sticking out of each digit. An ugly class ring burrowed deep into one of the fingers. I guess she couldn’t get it off.</p>

<p>The other was a handwritten note on flowered stationary. It smelled faintly of lilac. </p>

<p>“I’ll be in touch. We have so much work to do.”</p>
</div><!-- SC_ON -->




  </div>
</body>
</html>