<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no" ?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>Living alone for the first time</title>

<meta content="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body class="mainbody">
  <div class="paragraphtext">

	<h1>
		Living alone for the first time by ColdWorldGotHotter

	</h1>
	<br/><br/>


	
	<!-- SC_OFF --><div class="md"><p>I recently just moved into an apartment, all alone for the first time. I’m still in the same big city, but a new area. I’ve been here for a few weeks and was a bit late on getting window blinds. The lack of privacy started to get to me so I finally made a trip to the store. They didn’t have any nice blinds that fit my 80 inch windows, so I didn’t want to buy expensive ugly ones if they would be temporary. I opted in for the cheapest but biggest ones I can find, 64 inches was the compromise. I wasn’t quite sure how the placement would work, but I ended up just leaving a huge 16 inch gap on top. </p>

<p>When was I installing the blinds, I noticed something about my window that was connected to the fire escape. It didn’t have a latch, so the widow could quite easily just be ‘pushed’ to fall inward (or pulled from the inside). The super in my building also removed the window guards because “they aren’t necessary if you don’t have kids.” Something I wanted to address but waited a little too long to do. </p>

<p>I’m a bit of a stoner, so one night when I got home from work and night class, I decided to have a little doobie before I went to sleep. I put some music on, started smoking on my bed until my eyes were too heavy to stay awake. Half way through the night I wake up from a horrible song, my Spotify shuffle went somewhere it didn’t belong. In the whim of doing so, I hear something. </p>

<p>It sounds like metal clacking, similar to the noise my bird makes in his case. I put my phone away and rested my head on the pillow, eyes closed. Suddenly the noise is getting louder, more constant, like it’s getting closer. My small little bird couldn’t make these noises even if he tried, especially without him actually chirping. </p>

<p>I feel a little paralyzed, not because I am scared, but because I have no idea what to do. This is my first moment in my home where I have to deal with it by myself, all alone. I can’t do it, my body feels heavy. My mind tries to be rational, maybe it’s someone outside working or moving around. </p>

<p>At this point the sound has stopped, I’m too scared to raise my head and look around, it can’t be anything. Suddenly I hear a tap, my heart freezes, my throat closed, I can’t breath, I think I’m about to shallow my tongue. I have no idea what that noise is, but it sounded personal. It sounded so real, it had to be for me. </p>

<p>Again, I hear the tap, this time it doesn’t take too long to be accompanied by another tap... then again tap.. I want to scream, I want to cry, I want to call my dad, I need to do something! </p>

<p>Almost like a complete shock from my mind to my body, I react too quickly and jerk my head up. I stare at my window, the blinds are see-through thanks to the street light right around my window. I see a figure, it’s someone kind of crotching all the way very low, I don’t know if he can see me. </p>

<p>Can he see me? Again my body is unable to move, stuck in the same position like I’m in a deer in headlights. I hear another tap, all of them being ever so lightly. My heart is racing, my brain is overheating, my body feels like it’s crampijg up. I start to think “one hard tap and that entire bottom piece of the window is coming down”.</p>

<p>Oh god why didn’t I call the super to come fix this, why did I procrastinate? Suddenly, the man stands up. The fire escape is lower than my window so even with his large body, his head doesn’t reach the top of my blinds. He turns around, starts to walk up the fire escape to the next floor. </p>

<p>I’m sweating at this point, my bed feels my grave. I couldn’t see his face but I saw the back of his head, completely covered in a beenie hat of some kind. It sounds like he moved to the next floor, what am I supposed to do? </p>

<p>Am I that much of a coward? Am I going to let this guy go to my neighbor? Is any of this even real? Before I could decide what to do, I heard a huge slap on my window. He hit it from the top, I could feel the vibration on every inch of my body. </p>

<p>The slap on the top window was so hard it forced my bottom window to fall inward. It smashed into my radiator underneath it, causing it to shatter into pieces. I was so frightened I screamed as loud as I ever did before. I screamed and I screamed. My eyes were closed and I was in the fetal position, completely gave myself up. </p>

<p>Suddenly I hear something I didn’t expect, large knocks on the door. I dont know whar came over me, but I felt like it was over. The help was here, back to reality. I run to my door and open it, it’s my next door neighbor. He sees the window broken, quickly calls 911 and stays with me until the cops arrive. </p>

<p>As we waited, he listened to my story and I could tell he didn’t believe me at all. Just explained it as “ah you don’t know thia building, it’s prewar, stuff like this always happens!” That’s all it was, just the window randomly falling on its own. </p>

<p>When the cops arrived, it was like I was simply reliving the same moment with my neighbor. They looked at me like I was just making up a crazy story to justify being so scared from a window breaking. </p>

<p>Except one cop, I could tell he was new on the force just by how long he looked compared to the two guys talking to me. Once everyone else finished up with me, that cop had me repeat the story one more time just for me. Suddenly he did something noone else, including myself, thought of doing. </p>

<p>He looked at the top piece of the window that was still in place. There was a huge hand print on the window. </p>
</div><!-- SC_ON -->




  </div>
</body>
</html>