<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no" ?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>Mommy Please</title>

<meta content="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body class="mainbody">
  <div class="paragraphtext">

	<h1>
		Mommy Please by skiitzofranikk

	</h1>
	<br/><br/>


	
	<!-- SC_OFF --><div class="md"><p>I&#39;m really beginning to worry about Jacob. He just hasn&#39;t been himself lately. He has started questioning my every move. Can a child so young really be so paranoid? Day in and day out it&#39;s question after question after question,</p>

<p>&quot; Mommy, why is it so cold? Mommy, why do we eat the same thing every night? Mommy, how come the lights never work at night?&quot;</p>

<p>And day in and day out I give him the same response,</p>

<p>&quot;Mommy is doing her best darling, everything is going to be okay. Be thankful we are together. All we need is each other. Now and forever.&quot;</p>

<p>Then he looks at me with those beautiful baby blues and shines his cute little grin revealing his two missing front teeth and my heart just melts.</p>

<p>&quot;I love you mommy.&quot;</p>

<p>And I love him too, more than anything in the whole world.</p>

<p>I&#39;ve done the best I can do for him. Being a single mother is hard and I wouldn&#39;t wish it on anyone. He may not have every little thing he wants, but he has everything he needs, with me. I am what keeps him alive and I am what keeps him safe. Some people may disagree with my methods but Jacob Is MY son, MY responsibility. It&#39;s no one else&#39;s business. I wish people would just mind their own. If I&#39;m not careful I could lose everything and it would be all their fault.</p>

<p>Just the other day we were having a perfectly nice time at the park and this little girl almost spoiled it all. She and Jacob were playing together and she had the audacity to ask him,</p>

<p>&quot;Why are your clothes so dirty? And you smell really weird.&quot;</p>

<p>My poor boy looked so sad and confused. He ran to me crying.</p>

<p>&quot;Mommy, please that girl is so mean. Can we just leave?&quot;</p>

<p>&quot;Of course baby.&quot;</p>

<p>I brushed his hair aside and kissed his forehead. I sent him on ahead of me, I had no choice, I had to take care of this little brat, and he didn&#39;t need to see it. I rolled up my sleeves and walked up right behind her and shoved her forward so she fell face first onto the ground. I leaned down and grabbed her hair, pulling her head up just enough so I could whisper into her ear,</p>

<p>&quot;Don&#39;t  you ever talk to Jacob like that again.&quot;</p>

<p>and let go. She looked around wildly and scrambled to her feet screaming and running toward the benches where all the other parents sat. Serves her right.  No one ever came after me, not that I was particularly concerned that they would to begin with. That night I made sure to comfort Jacob and assure him she was just a mean little girl and that he should never listen to people like her. He nodded in agreement but i could still she the pain etched on his little face. He was still hurt. He would keep looking down at his clothing and grimacing. I wish it were easier for me to get him the things he desperately wanted. The next day I made the decision, I was going to do what I had to do. I have no money so there was only one other option. Not too far from our home there lived a boy about Jacob&#39;s age so while he was sleeping I decided to sneak away to the boy&#39;s house. Both parents have full time jobs and the boy is enrolled in school so the house was completely empty.  It was no trouble for me to slip in, though I did have to break a window. While I searched through the dresser drawers and closet I thought about how I really should find a way to get Jacob in school, but I don&#39;t think I could be away from him for that long.  It wasn&#39;t the nicest clothing I had ever seen, but it would have to do. Jacob was thrilled when I came through the door, it was like i brought home buried treasure, but it didn&#39;t last.</p>

<p>&quot;Mommy, How come we can see the sky through the roof?&quot;</p>

<p>I was gone too long. I din&#39;t feed him on time. He always starts to notice things I would rather keep hidden if I don&#39;t get him his special treats. Judge me if you must, but when you have a child you will do just about anything to keep them safe and happy. I wouldn&#39;t do this if I didn&#39;t think it was absolutely crucial for our survival.</p>

<p>Odd things have been happening, there&#39;s a man who has been around. We see him every time we go out. At first I thought it was all coincidence, but now I&#39;m not so sure. Maybe I&#39;m just being paranoid, but it really seems like he is following us. We always manage to lose him before we get home, but he seems so determined to find us, how can we dodge him forever? Who is he? Why is he so hell bent on me and my son? I caught him talking to Jacob once on the sidewalk the other day, and it seems he has only become more interested in us since then. Jacob was chattering away, like young boys tend to do. He&#39;s far too trusting but it&#39;s not his fault, they don&#39;t know any better at this age, ya know? When I approached Jacob turned to me excitedly and gave me that glorious smile,</p>

<p>&quot;Mommy! This is Jeff! He&#39;s really nice! He said he wants to take me to get a burger! Doesn&#39;t that sound tasty?&quot;</p>

<p>The man look fairly confused and maybe even a little upset when my son turned to me. I grabbed Jacob&#39;s hand and we rushed off in the opposite direction. I looked back over my should and the man looked more bewildered than he had before. I scoffed to myself. Why is he so surprised? What mother wouldn&#39;t pull their child away in such a manner from a complete stranger?</p>

<p>This was the beginning of the end for us. If I had known then I would have taken Jacob far, far away from here, but how could I have guessed this would be the result?</p>

<p>It was a normal night for us. Jacob and I were laying down discussing our hopes and our dreams when a blinding light approached our house and came through our door.</p>

<p>&quot;Mommy! What&#39;s happening?!&quot;</p>

<p>I will never forget the fear in his voice but it was nothing compared to the pure terror in his eyes as men dressed head to toe in white followed the man who had talked to Jacob with flash lights, into our house and took him away from me. I ran after them and watched as they placed him in the back of an ambulance and strapped him down to a gurney.  My poor baby, he was crying now and my heart ached because i was powerless to do anything about it. They started him on some sort of IV substance, whatever it was it wasn&#39;t a good thing, not for me anyway. I can already feel myself beginning to fade away. I guess it&#39;s time to admit the truth to myself. I don&#39;t actually exist. Not really. Jacob&#39;s real mother abandoned him, the heartless witch. Jacob found me while he was wandering the forest all alone desperately trying to find any kind of food he could. There was one particular bush he liked that contained some unknown berry. I&#39;m not so sure they were exactly healthy but I kept that too myself. In fact, I kept him steadily supplied with them. Jacob needed me and whatever they were these berries made me seem so real to him. He needed me, that&#39;s why I appeared. He needed a mother, so that&#39;s what I became. WE found a run down house in the forest and we survived. Damn the nosy parents at the park. Damn the Department of Child Services.. Damn them all straight to hell.</p>

<p>I don&#39;t expect anyone to understand, but Jacob and I are one in the same. We complete each other. Even now as I drift further and further into non existence as the IV re-hydrates his system and he becomes more aware of reality around him. My heart shatters because I know this is it. Still he attempts to reach for me and I hear him whisper,</p>

<p>&quot;Don&#39;t go. Mommy please.&quot;</p>

<p>Tears flow down his face and then, as if i had never been there to begin with, I was gone..</p>
</div><!-- SC_ON -->




  </div>
</body>
</html>