<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no" ?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>My Best Friend Ellen</title>

<meta content="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body class="mainbody">
  <div class="paragraphtext">

	<h1>
		My Best Friend Ellen by SetItToWumbo94

	</h1>
	<br/><br/>


	
	<!-- SC_OFF --><div class="md"><p>She was the most beautiful girl I’d ever seen. Elegant, shining brunette hair. Beautiful, light green eyes. Rosy cheeks, lush lips, smooth skin. The way her spotless white dress fell over her frame, the way she never stopped smiling when she saw me, the way she never spoke badly of me. She was perfect. Her name, was Ellen. </p>

<p>Not only was she perfect, she was my bestest and closest friend. We did everything together. We would have sleepovers, wake up and eat breakfast together, we would go to school together, play in class and at recess, ride the bus home, adventure in my backyard until dinner, and even take baths together! I was the happiest little girl in the whole wide world. Ellen was by my side through thick and thin. I loved her so much, and she loved me too. But my parents said our close relationship was becoming a problem.</p>

<p>They started telling me I couldn’t hang out with Ellen as often as I used to. We stopped having breakfast together. We stopped playing during class and at recess. No more riding the bus home together. No more baths together. No more sleepovers. I was only allowed to play with her after I got home until dinner time, and then I had to say goodnight. Ellen didn’t like that one bit. So, she would sneak over and we’d still have slumber parties anyway! </p>

<p>We would talk about everything! What I did that day, what I learned in class, what I ate for lunch, who I played with at recess, all of it! Sometimes, Ellen would want to talk about my parents though. She wasn’t very nice when she did that. She started to say mean things like they needed to go away so we could be together more. She would ask me how I would feel if they were gone. She would tell me she knew ways of making my parents disappear. Then she would ask me what I thought about running away, about living on our own and being the queens of our own lives. Normally I would tell her, “I don’t know.” But one night, she just made being a queen sound like <em>so</em> much fun, and I loved Ellen to death, so I told her I was ready.</p>

<p>I really enjoyed Ellen and I’s secret sleepovers. But one day, my parents came to wake me up a little early and found us together in bed. They were very, very mad. “No more!” They both said. They told me Ellen and I weren’t allowed to see each other anymore, and I couldn’t stop crying for a long, long time.</p>

<p>The next day, when I came home from school, Ellen was sitting at my kitchen table. She told me she missed me, and she was sad that I didn’t come looking for her. I told her that I wanted to, but couldn’t, because my parents would be very upset if I did. That made her angry. She told me enough was enough. We were best friends, and we deserved to be together, forever. I asked her what she meant, but she just told me to wait until tomorrow morning, and that everything would be okay.</p>

<p>When my parents got home, they found Ellen and yelled at me for playing with her. I told them that I came home and she was just there, but they didn’t believe me for a second. The whole time they screamed at me, Ellen just stared with the meanest scowl on her beautiful face. Before she was taken away, she told me, “Goodnight, my queen.” </p>

<p>The next morning, Ellen was sitting on my bed. I asked her what she was doing, and she told me, “Whatever I want, we’re both queens now!” She said I didn’t have to go to school because queens don’t do that, and I was so excited I started jumping up and down and dancing with her! I told her that we had to tell my parents the good news, but she said there was no need, that they already knew! When I asked her what she meant, she told me to go into their room and see for myself.</p>

<p>I was ecstatic that my day was starting off so well. First, I wake up to my best friend, then she tells me I’m a queen, and finally, a surprise! I hopped out of bed and ran over to my parent’s room. The door was closed, which is weird because mommy and daddy were usually up getting ready. I knocked and called out to them, but didn’t hear anything, so I opened the door and walked in. </p>

<p>Mommy and daddy were very cold and blue. Daddy was sitting up in bed with his mouth wide open and a big red line across his throat. His eyes and tongue were missing. He looked like he wanted to scream, but nothing was coming out. Mommy was in the bathroom, swinging back and forth from a rope tied tight around her neck. She had red cuts across her wrists, and her tongue was missing too. Her eyes looked so sad, like she was saying sorry. I could hear Ellen giggling happily from my room. </p>

<p>The police came to my house after I didn’t show up for school for a few days. They found Ellen and I playing tea party in the living room. After seeing my parents, they took me away and asked a whole lot of questions. For years and years, I was moved around from place to place, each time being introduced to a new person in a white coat who would ask me things and try to “help me.” They thought I was crazy for some reason. They just kept saying over and over, “Macy, please. Please understand. There’s no physical way that a doll could’ve done those things to your <a href="https://www.reddit.com/user/setittowumbo94/posts/">parents...”</a> </p>
</div><!-- SC_ON -->




  </div>
</body>
</html>