<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no" ?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>My Wife And I Bought A House Using Sherlock Homes Realty</title>

<meta content="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body class="mainbody">
  <div class="paragraphtext">

	<h1>
		My Wife And I Bought A House Using Sherlock Homes Realty by thegeneralg

	</h1>
	<br/><br/>


	
	<!-- SC_OFF --><div class="md"><p>My wife Emily and I recently moved to a house about an hour outside of Minneapolis. We had just gotten married a year ago and this was our first official house together. It was such a happy time for us. We bought the house from a real estate firm called Sherlock Homes. Their tagline was &quot;We track down the best home for you!&quot; Corny, I know. </p>

<p>I double checked their reviews on Yelp, the Better Business Bureau, all that good stuff. Since they came up with good reviews, I had no problem using them. Our realtor was a woman named Carla and she looked the part of a realtor. </p>

<p>She had immaculate blond hair, a pearl necklace, and was always dressed in a solid colored business suit. She even had the posh looking designer bag and watermarked business cards. Every time she met with us, Carla was professional, likeable and prepared. She even managed to find us a house right off the bat that we immediately liked. </p>

<p>It was on a lovely hill overlooking a pond. Beautiful colonial house, lush green backyard, and bright flowers popping up at odd intervals on the sidewalk. As soon as Emily walked up the driveway with me, I could feel her excitement. Giving my hand a quick squeeze as we walked through the entryway. Stepping inside, it just felt right for us. Some houses you walk into they feel off, like it still belonged to the previous owner. Not this one. It felt fresh and new. Like a blank canvas. </p>

<p>Emily fell in love with the place and I could see she had to have this house. Since I didn&#39;t exactly mind the place myself, I agreed that we should take it. We moved in this past November and it went pretty smooth. Within a month or two, we had properly settled ourselves in.</p>

<p>Emily was on top of the World. Picking out furniture, going through wallpaper swatches, decorating the house, it was like she was having the time of her life. Her happiness was infectious. </p>

<p>Last month I was up in the attic doing some cleaning when I stumbled upon an old box. I opened it up to see what was inside. At first it was just some junk; old magazines, a tennis shoe, and a ratty football. I was just about to pick up the box and put it on the curb when I saw something else at the bottom. It was an old photo album. Skimming through it briefly, everyone in it seemed to be happy. I put it back without thinking much about it. </p>

<p>The next few weeks past quietly enough. We settled into a routine and got familiar with our neighbors. They were all pretty welcoming. They were polite and helpful but kept mostly to themselves. After coming home from work last week, I saw my next door neighbor Paul was taking out the garbage. After parking in my driveway, I gave him a brief wave and he took a few steps closer.</p>

<p>&quot;Evening Ron,&quot; he greeted me with a nod. Paul reminded me of one of those character actors from back in the day. The kind who was always playing a tough old lawman in a Western. He has the demeanor nailed. The polite but don&#39;t mess with me son attitude. My dad is a lot like that, so I instantly felt comfortable with him. The secret is that deep down they are some of the most kindhearted people you would ever want to meet. </p>

<p>&quot;How&#39;s it going Paul?&quot; </p>

<p>&quot;It&#39;s going fine. How are things with you?&quot;</p>

<p>&quot;Can&#39;t complain. How&#39;s it getting settled in.&quot;</p>

<p>&quot;Ok.&quot;</p>

<p>&quot;The Mrs. handling it ok? Moving is always hardest on the family.&quot; He was right on that. I suspect he was talking from personal experience, as he never saw his son anymore after he moved out to New Mexico. </p>

<p>&quot;She&#39;s doing ok. She&#39;s tough.&quot; </p>

<p>&quot;Seems that way. Good for her.&quot; </p>

<p>&quot;Hey, I found an old photo album in the attic. What were the people who lived here before us like?&quot; Houses were like your significant other&#39;s exes. You can&#39;t help but be a tad curious about who was there before you. Not to mention it could be important information at times. </p>

<p>&quot;The Claytons?&quot; he asked. &quot;They was good people. Nice. The kind of people you&#39;d see in a commercial for a minivan or something. Photogenic like you saw.&quot; </p>

<p>&quot;Do you know why they moved?&quot; He paused momentarily. </p>

<p>&quot;No. They didn&#39;t really move per say. But I know why they left the house. The family disappeared.&quot;</p>

<p>&quot;You&#39;re kidding,&quot; </p>

<p>&quot;Afraid not. One day years ago they went on vacation and never came back. Tragic.&quot;</p>

<p>&quot;Does anyone know what happened?&quot; </p>

<p>&quot;No. Breaks your heart doesn&#39;t it? Happy family on vacation. Happens way more than people like to think.&quot; </p>

<p>&quot;Sure does. Always good to see you Paul.&quot;</p>

<p>&quot;You too Ron,&quot; I went inside with my mind still on what Paul told me. An entire family who walked these halls, ate in the same dining room, and slept under this roof just up and vanished. It&#39;s a weird feeling. Creepy too. What were their last memories here? Was it a happy one? What was the last meal they had here? The questions were impossible to answer, yet they kept bothering me. </p>

<p>Later that night I looked up the Claytons. They disappeared on the way home from a trip in Arizona in 2004. Since they were last seen near the desert, they suspected they got stranded or something and died of dehydration. My heart went out to them regardless of what happened. Not gonna lie, that fact stayed in the back of my mind. Happy families on vacation don&#39;t just disappear without a cause.  </p>

<p>A few days ago I found out an elderly woman nearby died in her sleep. I never met her, but she lived in another development about 5 minutes away. Sounds tragic but not exactly surprising right? Well when they did the autopsy on Mrs. Hartfield they saw that she had died of anaphylaxis, caused by an allergic reaction she had to peanuts. Considering when they searched her house they found nothing peanut related anywhere, this didn&#39;t exactly sit well with people. Especially since when they interviewed her family they confirmed she didn&#39;t go out the day of her death and only ate foods she had at home.</p>

<p>When Paul told me this, I felt a shiver run up my spine. There was only one way that could have happened, and it went on right in my own backyard. </p>

<p>&quot;The worst thing is they think it was someone she knew.&quot;</p>

<p>&quot;Family member?&quot; It was the only thing I could think of.</p>

<p>&quot;Wish I could say it wasn&#39;t. But Mrs. Hartfield was too nice for her family. Like a doe amongst vultures.&quot; We stood there talking a bit longer, but since we didn&#39;t have much else to say we soon went inside. The next couple days were pretty uneasy for me, as I was keeping an eye on things. Not to mention I had a bit of a hard time sleeping. </p>

<p>Yesterday I was having my usual morning coffee while on my computer. Out of the corner of my eye I saw a breaking headline. </p>

<p>&quot;Police make arrest in suspicious death of local woman.&quot; I clicked on it and it was about Mrs. Hartfield. </p>

<p>&quot;After exhausting previous leads, police executed a search warrant late last night at a local residence. The owner of the house, contractor Daniel Layton 45, was seen earlier that day taking large amounts of jewelry to a pawn shop. The manager of the shop observed Mr. Layton behaving suspiciously and contacted authorities. The jewelry was subsequently identified as belonging to Mrs. Hartfield and removed from the home without anyone&#39;s knowledge or consent.&quot;</p>

<p>But it was the next section that made my skin crawl.  </p>

<p>&quot;Police also located a known associate of Mr. Layton, a Miss Carla Anderson. As Mrs. Hartfield&#39;s realtor, she was confirmed by her employers to have sold the house to the deceased. As a local realtor for almost 20 years, she has become known to homeowners all through the area. At the Layton residence, police found a key that was proved to work at the Hartfield residence. Upon being taken into custody, Mr. Layton confirms Anderson told him to pawn the jewelry and keep the profits. Both Ms. Anderson and Mr. Layton will be arraigned on charges tomorrow.&quot; </p>

<p>Right at the bottom was Carla&#39;s picture. It was the exact same one on the brochures she handed out at open houses. </p>

<p>But the worst to come happened today. After the did some digging, they found that Mrs. Hartfield wasn&#39;t the only person Carla sold a house to who died under suspicious circumstances. At least 5 other people in the area died under unusual circumstances. Every one of them bought a house from Carla. She was also helpful enough to sell the house to whoever moved in after it came up vacant again. The Clayton&#39;s were one of the first families in the area she sold a house to. </p>

<p>When I told Emily all this she was pretty upset, but I have to say she has calmed down a lot. We plan to move as soon as we can. I&#39;ve also changed the locks and installed a deadbolt on all the doors for the rest of the time we&#39;re here. </p>
</div><!-- SC_ON -->




  </div>
</body>
</html>