<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no" ?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>PLEASE send help to Elkhorn, Montana</title>

<meta content="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body class="mainbody">
  <div class="paragraphtext">

	<h1>
		PLEASE send help to Elkhorn, Montana by SpookyMarie

	</h1>
	<br/><br/>


	
	<!-- SC_OFF --><div class="md"><p>I&#39;m not sure how long it&#39;s been since I&#39;ve seen the sun. I remember reading about what would happen to our world if the sun simply ceased to exist. Plants and trees would stop producing oxygen and it would slowly get colder until we all eventually died out from either suffocation or hypothermia. We found out that leaving the town was a completely useless endeavor. No matter how many turns you took or how far you walked you would end up right back in town. A small group of hopeful individuals set off on foot with packs and provisions, promising to return with help. Haven&#39;t seen them since the first week the sun stopped coming up.</p>

<p>There was about twenty of us when it happened. I woke up early that day for my 4am opening shift at the grocery store. I preferred working at this time of hour as it was normally a peacefully dark walk that granted extra time to fully wake as the sun rose. I must&#39;ve noticed it at around 7am, along with a few others. I normally take my first  break when night crew leaves for the day so we can share a smoke outside with the cold air nipping at our faces and the birds chiming in on our conversations. This morning was no different, except there were no birds. It was extremely eerie, the silence. </p>

<p>When the store opens at 6am it normally brings in the early bird shoppers who are way too excited about being up early and the occasional night owl grabbing their alcoholic sleep aide. This morning was different. We didn&#39;t have a single customer by the time I went on my break. The oddest part about it all was that the sun was late rising. Jeanee was the first one to speak aloud what all of us were growing increasingly worried about.</p>

<p>&quot;hey, what time is the sunrise today?&quot; she said. I could sense she was uneasy about it but tried to pass it off as a nonchalant curiously more than her apparent anxiety would let on. I checked the local paper sitting on the rack beside us and sure enough, in big bold letters read &quot;Sunrise- 5:56am&quot; which was definitely concerning. Eventually our ten minute break ended and we all headed back inside, each of us glancing in the sky for a small hope we&#39;d see any sign of that gray morning.
 It never came. The store flocked with  almost everyone in town stocking up on water and grabbing everything off the shelves. Eventually the power went out so we had to close. </p>

<p>My town is fairly small, hidden in the mountains and trees with only dirt roads. we were the only grocery store in town, so people outside and around came here. I&#39;m not sure why, but I live in a town where it&#39;s mostly retired miners so I think they just like the comfort of being around others. Better than being left alone with your own thoughts I guess, especially in a time of crisis. We decided to hunker down at the store, locking the doors and letting people in as they showed up. It was about 2pm at this point and the sun had still not shown its face. It was strange, seeing my small town shrouded in darkness long after we should&#39;ve been bathed in warm sunlight.</p>

<p>My boss was made for this sort of thing. He was kind of a dick and had the attitude of a drill sergeant but in the midst of disaster he immediately took charge like he&#39;d been waiting his whole life for that moment to shine and I believe that&#39;s one of the few reasons we&#39;ve survived this long. He&#39;s dead now, happened last week while out with a group scavenging for burnable wood. They said it was a mountain lion,  their bloody spots on their clothes made me sceptical, but I was too much of a pussy to say anything. </p>

<p>The first few days was when we noticed our communications were down. We also noticed it was getting colder. Not by a lot at first, but enough to notice. Myself and a few of my coworkers were involuntarily volunteered to head to the next town over and see if they were able to offer assistance. Like I said before, I worked in a community of mostly retired older men so it was a lot harder for some of the others than it would be for 4 younger guys to complete the task.</p>

<p>We loaded up our packs with a few things for the road, water bottles and a few snacks, and headed out. 
 I think Mark was the first one to notice we were going in circles. We had been walking for well over a few hours and should&#39;ve reached the next town over by now. It was as if we would be reset somehow and we&#39;d just be right back in town. Eventually I made a few other turns and our suspicion was correct when we ended up right back in front of the grocery store. My town is densely forested so we weren&#39;t able to really track if we had somehow gone in a complete circle, but I&#39;ve walked this road to and from work for years, it shouldn&#39;t have fucking changed. I know for a fact I was headed in the right direction and going straight, so to end up right back where we started pissed me off more than frightened me. </p>

<p>All that trip did was waste energy, provisions, and time. It didn&#39;t help that all of us were extremely groggy, our bodies unable to sync up with the sunrise/sunset. After another two hour trip our suspicions were proven, and with long, defeated steps we made our way to the front stoop of the store. All of us taking a seat in the cold, dark silence. None of it made sense. We would leave only to find ourselves right back where we started with no memory of how we got back to that spot. I think we were growing delirious from the lack of sunlight. </p>

<p>When we told the others, the first reaction we were greeted with was irrevocable denial. We took a wrong turn, didn&#39;t pay attention, should&#39;ve brought a map, etc. But after another group was sent out with the same results, panic ensued. There was an immediate outcry for help we all knew would not arrive. People grabbed what they could, and took off through the doors and out into the darkness,presumably to their homes, where they would shut themselves in left alone with no company other than their own hopeful beliefs of help arriving. </p>

<p>There was about twenty of us, but that was a few weeks ago. Myself and two others were able to hide out in one of the nearby homes across the road from the store and make food runs when needed. I wish I could say we stayed in the store, considering there was still food left, but it had gotten so cold, and with the roof caving in from the onslaught of snow it just couldn&#39;t keep anyone warm. Its been below 20 these last few nights and it makes me sick to my stomach knowing that there are probably only a few of us left that are young enough to survive this insane weather. It&#39;s been getting harder to breathe and the trees are starting to die. It started snowing again last night. </p>

<p>I don&#39;t know how much longer we&#39;ll have. I&#39;m not even sure if this will reach anyone, but if it does, my name is Hogan Graeseth, please send help to Elkhorn, Montana. We are dying. We can&#39;t leave town, and the power has long gone out. The sun is gone. It&#39;s getting colder with the snow and I don&#39;t think we&#39;ll last another night. </p>
</div><!-- SC_ON -->




  </div>
</body>
</html>