<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no" ?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>Something weird is happening in my Airbnb.</title>

<meta content="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body class="mainbody">
  <div class="paragraphtext">

	<h1>
		Something weird is happening in my Airbnb. by eraab953

	</h1>
	<br/><br/>


	
	<!-- SC_OFF --><div class="md"><p>I&#39;m out of town for a friend’s wedding. My friend Kirk, his girlfriend Linnea, and our friend John all split an Airbnb together - a beautiful, secluded house in the middle of nowhere. Once we were done making our way up the treacherous hill, it felt nice to get out of our comfort zone and away from the city noise. Well, until the weird shit started happening.</p>

<p>The wedding was yesterday. Beautiful ceremony, great food, and lots of dancing. We spent the next morning and afternoon too hungover to do anything and by the time night rolled around it started storming so we stayed in. Good thing we stocked up on plenty of booze. We ordered some pizza and we were set.</p>

<p>We were drinking, talked about the wedding, Kirk dodged some questions from Linnea passively asking about when they were going to finally tie the knot. Then Linnea asked, &quot;Hey, did anyone hear anything strange last night?&quot;</p>

<p>I was so deep in my drunken slumber an earthquake wouldn&#39;t have woken me up.</p>

<p>&quot;No, what did you hear? One of the animals out there?”</p>

<p>&quot;I don&#39;t know, but it sounded like someone humming?&quot; Whatever it was, seems like the rest of us all slept through it.</p>

<p>After polishing off the second bottle of wine, Kirk asked, &quot;Why don&#39;t we play a game?&quot;</p>

<p>I remembered seeing some board games in the basement while we were snooping around the place earlier. We went down there and found the usual suspects in the closet: Monopoly, Scrabble, Yahtzee.</p>

<p>&quot;Oh, I think I found what we&#39;re looking for!&quot; Linnea was holding a navy blue box.</p>

<p>&quot;Is that Pictionary?&quot; asked Kirk. This one had to be popular with guests - there was barely any dust on it.</p>

<p>We opened it up and got ready to play, me and John against Kirk and Linnea, naturally. The first card was &quot;Guitar&quot;. She beat me that round - damn could she draw fast.</p>

<p>By the fifth round we started getting into the game, yelling encouragements and well-meaning insults at each other. But at the beginning of this round, Linnea flipped a page from her drawing pad and paused. She looked like someone slammed the brakes in her head.</p>

<p>&quot;What&#39;s wrong? Linnea, it&#39;s your turn to draw.&quot; Kirk looked annoyed. &quot;Don&#39;t tell me you want to stop now. This was your idea.&quot;</p>

<p>Her eyes were still fixed on the drawing pad. &quot;Look at this.&quot; She handed it over.</p>

<p>&quot;So?&quot; I asked. &quot;The owners played a few rounds. Or some other guests played.&quot; She pointed at the page. I took a closer look. It was a pentagram with numbers accompanying each angle.</p>

<p>&quot;What was the card they picked?&quot; John asked, turning to Linnea. &quot;Your anniversary?&quot;</p>

<p>&quot;Shut up dude.&quot; She started flipping through the book. There were more sketches. A lot more. One was a goat head with weird markings around it. Someone had to have went over the timer for that one. A few other pages had images I did not recognize. One page was just words. Not sure what language they were in, but definitely not English. And the ink looked weird...whoever it was wasn’t using the same worn-out pens from the box.</p>

<p>&quot;Did anyone hear that?&quot; Kirk made a hushing gesture with his hands.</p>

<p>&quot;Hear what?&quot; I asked. He put a finger to his lips. And then I heard it. Footsteps. They were faint, but there. Someone was trying to not be heard.</p>

<p>&quot;There&#39;s someone up there!&quot; said Linnea, a little too loud. &quot;Do we call the police?&quot;</p>

<p>&quot;Do you get service out here?&quot; I replied. We checked our phones - none of us had a bar showing. This was a problem throughout the property.</p>

<p>&quot;Maybe it&#39;s one of their kids?&quot; proposed John. We never met the owners, we just exchanged some texts letting us know where the keys were, how to use the coffee maker, and some food recommendations. I got the vibe they were an older married couple, them having kids wasn&#39;t out of the question. But one of them stopping by unannounced sure as shit was.</p>

<p>&quot;I guess it&#39;s possible?&quot;</p>

<p>John stood. “I’m going up.”</p>

<p>Linnea rushed to her feet. “Dude, are you nuts?”
.
&quot;Just a little,&quot; he gave a wink. He&#39;s always had a thing for her. Then again, John had a thing for everyone. He started up the stairs, which turned to the right halfway, one hand holding the bannister, the other gripping the neck of an empty beer bottle.</p>

<p>&quot;Why are we splitting off?&quot; I&#39;ve seen a few horror flicks in my day. That shit wasn’t happening to me.
We followed him up. Nothing seemed out of place. Then again, how would we know? We were just guests here. This 4.5-star, &quot;Chill Farmhouse Getaway&quot;.</p>

<p>Light flashed through the window, the power going out before the thunder could meet up with it.</p>

<p>This was going great. We all booted up the Flashlight app. &quot;Breaker&#39;s in the garage probably?&quot; I didn&#39;t see it in the basement.</p>

<p>&quot;Your guess is as good as mine,&quot; Linnea was going through the kitchen drawers, phone in hand. &quot;There&#39;s gotta be some candles around here somewh - FUCK!&quot; Bright white light filled the room, and then we saw it. </p>

<p>A tall, thin hooded figure was facing the window, looking into the kitchen. Looking at us. After the light retreated so did our view of him (or her, it was too dark to see outside).</p>

<p>&quot;Did you guys see that?&quot;  There was a slight whimper in her voice. We shined our phones out the window. Whatever it was, it was gone. I didn&#39;t want to stay another second.</p>

<p>&quot;We&#39;re getting out of here.&quot;</p>

<p>Kirk and Linnea both nodded. John was the only one in disagreement. &quot;For real guys?&quot;</p>

<p>Big fucking &quot;yep.&quot;</p>

<p>&quot;And what about all our stuff? If someone&#39;s robbing us he&#39;s probably just waiting for us to leave.&quot;</p>

<p>&quot;Let him. We&#39;re going, with or without you.&quot; The three of us headed to the door, John gave one last eyeroll and followed us. I turned the door handle. Did any of us even remember to lock this thing?</p>

<p>I slowly opened the door into the rain, poked my head out and looked around. It was dark, I couldn’t see anything. The car was in the driveway which through the front patio past the fence. We hurried towards it, frantically pulling at the handles when we got to the car. I forgot to unlock the door.</p>

<p>&quot;Hurry!&quot; Linnea berated me as I rummaged through my jacket looking for the keys.</p>

<p>&quot;I&#39;m trying!&quot; I found the keys and we all got in. I jammed it into the ignition and gave a twist. Nothing. I tried again and again. The car was dead.</p>

<p>&quot;Last time we rent a Kia. I guess we&#39;ll just go back in?&quot; John opened the passenger side door. I guess we had to follow him back. We walked back through the fence and stopped in our tracks. The door to the house was open.</p>

<p>I looked at Kirk, the last one out the door. &quot;Did you leave it open?&quot;</p>

<p>&quot;I don&#39;t know man. The wind could&#39;ve blown it open!&quot;</p>

<p>&quot;Well, I&#39;m going in,&quot; John got out of the car. &quot;No way in hell I&#39;m walking down that curvy ass road in this rain. I&#39;ll take my chances with whatever we all think we might of saw out there.&quot; We followed him back into the house, it was dark and still.</p>

<p>&quot;Let&#39;s check out that breaker,&quot; John said tapping Kirk on the shoulder. After they went to the garage, I sat with Linnea, listening and looking for signs of an intruder. That&#39;s when we saw a faint light coming from outside.</p>

<p>&quot;A car&#39;s pulling up!&quot; Linnea looked out the kitchen window. We couldn&#39;t see through the fence but we saw the light continue to grow for a minute or two and then creeped away. Did they leave and come back? </p>

<p>&quot;Someone&#39;s coming!&quot; She was whispering loudly now, crouched by the door. She motioned me to get on the other side. She was right. Even through the rain I could hear footsteps walking up the concrete patio. There was a loud knock. Linnea gave me a look. What did she want me to do? And then the door opened.</p>

<p>I acted fast. I grabbed the intruder by the neck and brought him down onto the kitchen tile. He yelled in surprise and tried to get back on his feet.</p>

<p>&quot;GOT YOU NOW YOU BASTARD!&quot; Linnea was holding a baseball bat in both hands over her head. Where did she find that?</p>

<p>&quot;Linnea! No!&quot; It was John.</p>

<p>&quot;Huh?&quot;</p>

<p>&quot;It&#39;s Derek!&quot; Derek? I got a look at his face and a mixture of relief and guilt came over me. Derek was a friend of the groom who shared our wedding table. Him and John really hit it off.</p>

<p>&quot;What are you doing here?&quot;</p>

<p>&quot;I invited him,&quot; said John as he helped him to his feet.</p>

<p>&quot;Yeah, John texted me and said you guys were partying so I got in an Uber.&quot; He dusted himself off. &quot;He didn&#39;t tell me you were into this MMA shit though.&quot;</p>

<p>&quot;Sorry about that.&quot; I turned back to John. &quot;Why didn&#39;t you tell us?&quot;</p>

<p>&quot;Oh, I don&#39;t know, I guess it slipped my mind while everyone&#39;s been freaking out about this supposed axe murderer in the woods.&quot;</p>

<p>&quot;The what?&quot; Derek looked confused. &quot;Clearly I came at a bad time.&quot;</p>

<p>&quot;Where&#39;s Kirk?&quot; asked Linnea.</p>

<p>&quot;He went back to the basement to grab his knife he left down there.&quot;</p>

<p>&quot;And you didn&#39;t go with him? What&#39;s wrong with you?!&quot;</p>

<p>&quot;Well, I was about to and then I heard the commotion up here and decided I was needed elsewhere.&quot;</p>

<p>We headed over to the basement stairs. I yelled down, but didn&#39;t hear anything back. We all gave an unsure look to each other and started slowly walking down. I flashed the light from my phone, the battery just at 25% now, from one end of the room to the other. No sign of anyone.</p>

<p>&quot;Why did he go down there by himself?&quot; Linnea was almost crying now. The idiot was probably feeling a bit emasculated in front of John, who was now putting an arm around her to comfort her.</p>

<p>We all started calling his name from different parts of the house. Nothing.</p>

<p>That&#39;s when the power came back. The lights flashed on followed by a beep from the microwave.</p>

<p>Finally, something was going our way. &quot;Well, what do we do?&quot; I asked before feeling a slight vibration in my pocket.</p>

<p>I pulled out my phone, and so did everyone else, except for Derek. Now that the power was back so was the WiFi, and someone messaged our group chat. I looked at the icon in the bottom right of my screen. It was Kirk. I gave it a tap.</p>

<p><em>Stay with us</em></p>

<p>We all just looked at each other.</p>

<p>&quot;Uhhh,&quot; Derek broke the silence. &quot;Someone want to fill me in here?&quot;</p>

<p>&quot;I think he&#39;s messing with us,&quot; said John, ignoring Derek. Linnea gave him a hard slap and sat on the couch with her head in her hands.</p>

<hr/>

<p>We don&#39;t know what to do. We&#39;re sitting in the living room now so I&#39;m doing what I always do when I&#39;m unsure of something, I just start writing to collect my thoughts. I&#39;ll continue when I have an update.</p>
</div><!-- SC_ON -->




  </div>
</body>
</html>