<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no" ?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>The Liver Eater</title>

<meta content="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body class="mainbody">
  <div class="paragraphtext">

	<h1>
		The Liver Eater by lhcrow89

	</h1>
	<br/><br/>


	
	<!-- SC_OFF --><div class="md"><p>There’s an old legend in my hometown of Cherokee, North Carolina. A legend of a shapeshifter/witch who lived in our mountains long ago that fed on the livers of our tribe’s children. 
My hometown is an Indian reservation and several of our elders still tell the legends our ancestors told. There are many different legends but the one of Spearfinger is probably the most widely known around here (it’s also the most fun to tell the tourists that make their way into town every spring and summer). I remember as a kid, we were warned to not wander too far into the woods when we played, our parents and grandparents joked that Spearfinger would get us. </p>

<p>According to the legend, Spearfinger was killed long ago by a group of our tribe’s warriors who had grown angry at her feeding on our children. It is said she could take the form of anyone she wanted, man or woman, but the only thing she couldn’t change was her dagger-like index finger on her right hand. She would take her chosen form to gain the trust of her selected victim, then she would offer to comb the child’s hair and would run her fingers through the child’s hair until the child fell asleep. Once the child was out, she would then take her finger (which she was said to have kept hidden under a blanket or shawl) and slice open the child and cut out their liver, which she would then devour. The child would feel nothing and she would run her fingers over the wound and it would heal, not leaving even a scratch. She would then wake the child and send him or her on home none the wiser. </p>

<p>As most people know, one can’t live without a liver. Soon after being sent home, the child would become ill and pass away. Eventually everyone began to suspect foul play and many tribal members recalled seeing an elderly-looking woman wandering through the woods as they were out fishing, hunting, etc. Each member said that the woman was very frightening and every time she took a step, the very ground would shake with each step. She was said to have skin that appeared to be hardened like stone. </p>

<p>So, from what I can remember, the group of warriors, led by the tribal medicine man, dug a huge pit out in the woods, then lit a fire so Spearfinger would see the smoke and come looking for children. They hid and listened as her thunderous footsteps came closer, until an unearthly scream pierced their eardrums followed by a loud boom that shook the mountains. They had caught her. </p>

<p>The warriors surrounded the pit and began shooting their arrows and throwing their spears at her, only to see the weapons bounce of her skin and fall to ground broken. A bird called a titmouse (funny name, I know) then landed nearby and began to chirp in a way that sounded almost human, that sounded like Unahv which means “heart”. The warriors all aimed for her chest, but once again, their weapons were wasted. The chickadee then appeared and landed on her right hand, which they then aimed for. It is said that her heart was in the palm of her right hand rather than her chest, which was then pierced by the arrows, finally killing her. At least that’s how I remember it. </p>

<p>The reason I tell you this is because over the last year or so, several of our tribe’s children have gone missing. No witnesses, no leads for a single case. As far as I know, most of the children were last seen playing outside their homes or at school. Several locals have gathered together quite a few times and formed search parties, but none have been able to locate any of the children. The local PD has sent search parties as well, along with the SAR dogs but even the dogs were unable to pick up any scents. </p>

<p>Now I know you’re thinking it’s most likely the work of a kidnapper, or God forbid, maybe a serial killer. Or maybe even a bear (we do live in the mountains after all). That’s what I thought too until about a week ago. </p>

<p>A local couple had been out walking along the sides of a mountain near the edge of town looking for wild onions that our tribe enjoys eating (called ramps). Around here this time of year everyone goes out looking for them to gather, eat, and sell to others. I think non-Natives call them wild leeks? Anyways, they came upon a small clearing and were digging when they discovered the bodies of about nine children, ranging from kindergarten age to high school age, all of whom were identified as some of the missing kids. </p>

<p>Not only is this completely devastating to our community, it also frightening a lot of people because what kind of monster would do this to children? I can’t even begin to imagine the pain the parents are going through; I have a five-year-old son and I can’t imagine life without him. But that’s not even the worst part; the children each had routine autopsies performed to determine the cause of death. Each child was missing their liver. Now I know it’s 2018 and that humans have come up with ways to remove organs from others, but that’s not what scares me. Each of the children found had not a single wound on them. No cuts, no lacerations, no bruises. Not even a scratch…</p>
</div><!-- SC_ON -->




  </div>
</body>
</html>