<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no" ?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>The Penny Cup Killer</title>

<meta content="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body class="mainbody">
  <div class="paragraphtext">

	<h1>
		The Penny Cup Killer by nickrk20

	</h1>
	<br/><br/>


	
	<!-- SC_OFF --><div class="md"><p>It was unlike any Tuesday morning I&#39;d ever had. A serial killer in a small city in Canada? It seemed nearly unheard of. The &quot;Penny Cup Killer&quot; was quickly making his/her name a sensation in national news. You&#39;ve all been to a gas station and seen the containers that say &quot;Have a penny? Leave a penny. Need a penny? Take a penny.&quot; This person was working in a similar fashion, except their slogan seemed to be &quot;Have a victim? Leave a victim. Need a victim? Take a victim.&quot;</p>

<p>The Penny Cup Killer&#39;s latest victim was always found somewhere in the house of his newest victim. I am a freelance reporter, I just go where the story goes. When a twenty-something year old woman was kidnapped in a small city, I thought I&#39;d just go and check out what type of carnage it created. A week passed by with no leads. Cristina Richards vanished without a trace on her way home from her shift at the local nursing home, gone into thin air. After a few more days, some more disturbing news arose. Cristina Richards had been found. Found in the home of Emily Mortenson, found with her throat slashed, and a blindfold over her eyes. She was hanging in Emily&#39;s pantry. As for Emily? She was the next target of the Penny Cup Killer. Police tried to make a connection between Cristina and Emily, but to no avail. Cristina was a brunette, Emily was a redhead. Cristina was a nurse, Emily was a hair stylist. The killer left zero trace of anything, Cristina&#39;s body was completely free of prints. The coroner stated the blindfold over her eyes was a basic bandana that could be purchased at any dollar store, and the laceration to her throat was by some sort of hunting knife. </p>

<p>Five days passed since Emily&#39;s disappearance, when the third victim was taken. Like Cristina, Emily was found in the home of a bartender named Sandra LaBlanc. Also, like Cristina, Emily&#39;s throat was slashed, and she was blindfolded. The difference, with Sandra, was that she had a roommate, Carly. Sandra&#39;s roommate was out of town visiting her parents, and when she came back, she opened her closet to discover Emily&#39;s body. When the police arrived, they asked Carly if she had been attacked. Carly said no, and that she couldn&#39;t get a hold of her roommate. Sandra LaBlanc had become the latest victim of the Penny Cup Killer, and he/she waited until Sandra was alone. Again, there were no leads. The kidnappings were all at random times, the killings were days apart. The entire city was on high alert, young women were encouraged to not go anywhere alone, it was extremely rare for a place like this to have something like this happen. People demanded answers from the local police chief, but he had nothing to give.  </p>

<p>A week later, I was just about to go to sleep in my hotel room, I heard the police scanner go off. Sandra LeBlanc was found, just like the others. The difference this time? She was found in her own home, in the same place the killer placed Emily Mortenson. Carly was nowhere to be found. It isn&#39;t unusual for serial killers to return to the scene of the crime to relieve their deeds, but it seemed so bold for the killer to return for Carly. Carly was taken seemingly in the middle of the day, and Sandra&#39;s estimated time of death was just four days before hand. Police assumed he just wanted to complete the set, but I wasn&#39;t so sure. Cristina Richards, Emily Mortenson, Sandra LaBlanc, and now Carly Betts. Four victims approximately three weeks apart. If the timeline with Carly is similar to Sandra, she&#39;s still alive.  </p>

<p>Police have seemingly exhausted all options, but I may have found a connection. All four women were members of a local woman&#39;s only Yoga studio. I visited the studio, &quot;Open Palms Open Minds&quot; it was called. They were hesitant to give me much information, being a freelance reporter, I don&#39;t have any credentials, so they might&#39;ve assumed I was just some creep. The employees all seemed relatively normal, but they would absolutely not let me sit in on the classes. They have a very strict &quot;no males&quot; policy. No male teachers, no male students. That leads me to believe that the Penny Cup Killer is almost certainly, a woman. It&#39;s the only lead that&#39;s been discovered.  </p>

<p>I returned to my hotel room and turned on CBC. Carly Betts was found murdered, same MO as the other victims. She was found in the home of a woman named Valerie Randle, who like the others was now a victim herself. Carly was murdered less than 48 hours after her disappearance, which completely disregards the Penny Cup Killer&#39;s previous pattern. The timeline was sped up, but why? My hunch is that I spoke with the Penny Cup Killer today at the yoga studio, caused them to panic, and they disposed of their victim as quickly as possible. As expected, Valerie was indeed a part of the same yoga studio. I&#39;ll be returning there tomorrow with more questions.  </p>
</div><!-- SC_ON -->




  </div>
</body>
</html>