<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no" ?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>The House of Demons</title>

<meta content="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body class="mainbody">
  <div class="paragraphtext">

	<h1>
		The House of Demons by CynicHappy

	</h1>
	<br/><br/>


	
	<!-- SC_OFF --><div class="md"><p>Before all this happened, in the fall of 2016, I was a journalist best-known for my articles on the paranormal-or, rather, bullshit <em>disguised</em> as the paranormal.  My career revolved around disproving various mysteries and conspiracy theories, exposing lies and attempting to turn people into skeptics.  And, for the most part, the stories I investigated <em>did</em> turn out to be fake.  I never imagined I&#39;d encounter anything genuine.  That is, until the House of Demons.</p>

<p>Now, I know what you&#39;re thinking: this is just another story about an asshole skeptic who gets their comeuppance and becomes a believer.  That isn&#39;t exactly untrue.  But there is far more to this story than me learning my lesson the hard way.</p>

<p>I had been contacted by a young woman whose father had recently been admitted to a mental hospital.  The police had been called to his house after neighbours reported hearing screams, and found the poor man stumbling around his living room, covered in blood and screaming about things living in the walls.  He had gnawed chunks of flesh from his arms and broken most of the furniture.  The doctors believed he was suffering from psychosis, but his daughter, Keira, was convinced it was something else entirely.</p>

<p>&quot;Something in that house terrified him,&quot; she told me over the phone.  &quot;Whatever he saw in there... it drove him insane.&quot;</p>

<p>Keira went on to explain the history of the house she had grown up in.  Built in the late 1940s, it was rumoured that the original owners had been devil-worshippers.  They had died in a mysterious accident, and since then, an endless string of paranormal events had been reported by anyone who lived there.</p>

<p>Most of the stories Keira told me <em>were</em> pretty freaky, but, in my jaded opinion, too over the top to be believable.  Like the old lady with glowing red eyes who chased people away from the property, screaming and waving a bloody knife.  Or the man found dead in the bathtub, his throat slit and the words HE&#39;S COMING painted on the wall with his blood.  Or the entire family that vanished into thin air, leaving nothing but patches of burnt rug in their living room.  Keira had spoken to previous owners, and documented anything she found noteworthy.</p>

<p>&quot;Tell me about your <em>own</em> experiences in the house,&quot; I urged.</p>

<p>Keira explained that her own family had moved into the house when Keira was seven years old, and that their life there had been fairly mellow-at least in comparison to some of the other stories.  This, Keira believed, was because her parents were devout Catholics who prayed every day and had religious symbols on display in every room.  Still, there were many unexplained sightings and noises, and an inexplicable dread that crept in on the darkest nights, a dread that nobody could shake off.</p>

<p>After Keira&#39;s mother passed away, her father went a little crazy and began reporting strange events with alarming frequency.  While Keira worried for his mental state, she had no doubt he was telling the truth.  In the weeks leading up to his sudden breakdown, he had been complaining about something &quot;watching him at night&quot; and whispering horrible things in his ear.</p>

<p>&quot;I&#39;ve read your work,&quot; said Keira.  &quot;I know you like to <em>disprove</em> paranormal claims. But this story is <em>true.</em> The people in my town... they call it the House of Demons.&quot;</p>

<p>I sighed, pinching the bridge of my nose.  &quot;Ma&#39;am, I&#39;m very sorry about your father&#39;s condition, but I don&#39;t think-&quot;</p>

<p>&quot;<em>Please</em>, Mrs. Johnston. Everyone thinks my dad is insane; I want people to know what <em>really</em> happened in there.&quot;</p>

<p>&quot;How do you know he&#39;ll even talk to me?&quot;</p>

<p>&quot;He will. Believe me.&quot;</p>

<p>And so, a week later, I kissed my husband and four-year-old daughter goodbye, before boarding an airplane that would take me from my home in Vancouver to Ontario.  After landing in the city, I picked up a rental car and drove out to the small town where the dreaded House of Demons stood.</p>

<p>Keira met me at a local coffee shop.  She was a petite blonde with mascara-heavy blue eyes, dressed in a black sleeveless turtleneck and faded jeans.  She stood up as soon as I walked in.  &quot;Amelia Johnston?&quot;</p>

<p>&quot;Yes.&quot;  I extended my hand, and she shook it.  &quot;It&#39;s nice to meet you.&quot;</p>

<p>She smiled.  &quot;Thank you for coming.&quot;</p>

<p>Over coffee, she gave me an update on her father, a sixty-three-year-old man named Edwin Montgomery.  &quot;They&#39;ve put him on anti-psychotic drugs, but he&#39;s still pretty messed up. Still, he&#39;s agreed to talk to you.&quot;</p>

<p>I still didn&#39;t believe I was <em>really</em> dealing with a haunted house case, but nonetheless, I felt bad for Keira.  She was obviously shaken about her father and what he might have gone through.  Given his state, I wasn&#39;t so sure interviewing him would be a good idea, but I couldn&#39;t turn back now.</p>

<p>After finishing our coffees and paying the bill, Keira and I drove out to the facility where Edwin was being held.  A nurse escorted us to his room, and what I saw left me nearly speechless.</p>

<p>Edwin Montgomery was strapped to his bed, his arms heavily bandaged.  His dishevelled white hair had the texture of dry straw, and his blue eyes, sunken deep within the bony hollows of his sockets, held the glazed, haunted look of a soldier returning from war.  A man who had literally seen Hell.</p>

<p>&quot;Daddy?&quot;  Keira spoke very quietly, as if any sudden noise would send her father off the deep end.  &quot;This is Amelia Johnston. That journalist I was telling you about. She wants to talk to you.&quot;</p>

<p>Very slowly, Edwin turned his head and looked right at me.  Or rather, <em>past</em> me, at the faded green wall.  His chapped, bluish lips moved, forming words without a voice.</p>

<p>I sat in the chair next to his bed and stared at him for a moment, unsure of how to proceed.  Edwin just kept staring at me.  Keira stood off to the side, biting her lip.  Finally, I broke the silence myself.</p>

<p>&quot;Edwin. Can you tell me what happened? About why you were sent here?&quot;</p>

<p>He blinked, and I knew I had gotten through to him.</p>

<p>&quot;It&#39;s... it&#39;s nice to meet you,&quot; he rasped.</p>

<p>&quot;You too.&quot;</p>

<p>&quot;They probably told you I&#39;m crazy. But it isn&#39;t true.&quot;</p>

<p>&quot;I don&#39;t think you&#39;re crazy,&quot; I lied, uncapping my pen.  &quot;But I <em>am</em> curious about what happened.&quot;</p>

<p>Edwin sighed, closing his eyes.  &quot;That house... something horrible lives there. I don&#39;t know what it is, nor do I particularly <em>want</em> to. But it tried to kill me. And if I go back there, it will finish the job.&quot;</p>

<p>Something about the tired resignation in those words gave me the chills.  I hated feeling afraid on the job, but I couldn&#39;t help it.  Although I&#39;d encountered many weirdos throughout my career, this old man wasn&#39;t like the rest.  I didn&#39;t know what to make of him.</p>

<p>&quot;<em>What&#39;s</em> going to kill you, Edwin?&quot;</p>

<p>I heard the door slam shut as Keira walked out.  I didn&#39;t blame her for not wanting to listen.  If it were <em>my</em> dad, I&#39;d feel the same.</p>

<p>Edwin let out another long sigh.  &quot;Well, there is more than one monster in that place. But the one that drove me to such extremes... he is the one that has tormented me the most. <em>He</em> is the one who killed my wife.&quot;</p>

<p>&quot;Didn&#39;t your wife die of a stroke?&quot;</p>

<p>&quot;That&#39;s what the doctors said. But that&#39;s not what really happened. <em>He</em> killed her.&quot;</p>

<p>I rested a comforting hand on his shoulder.  &quot;Who are you talking about, Edwin?&quot;</p>

<p>&quot;The man with the orange eyes.&quot;</p>

<p><em>Now</em> this was getting interested.  &quot;The man with the orange eyes,&quot; I repeated, slowly.</p>

<p>Edwin nodded.  He had gone pale, his body shaking against the restraints.</p>

<p>&quot;I&#39;ve been seeing him every day, since we moved in. He&#39;s evil. A monster. He killed my wife, and he&#39;s going to kill me too.&quot;</p>

<p>&quot;Who <em>is</em> this man? A ghost?&quot;</p>

<p>&quot;I don&#39;t know what he is. But he certainly isn&#39;t human.&quot;</p>

<p>I still can&#39;t say I believed this was anything paranormal.  But every word Edwin spoke sent further shivers down my spine.  &quot;Is he a demon?&quot;</p>

<p>&quot;Perhaps. That place <em>is</em> known as &#39;The House of Demons&#39; after all.&quot;</p>

<p>&quot;Did you know about the history of the house before you moved in?&quot;</p>

<p>Edwin shook his head rapidly.  &quot;No. Well, perhaps a little, but I didn&#39;t believe a word of it. I was a skeptic, just as <em>you</em> appear to be.&quot;</p>

<p>I stared down at my notebook; I hadn&#39;t written a thing, I was so captured by Edwin&#39;s story.  &quot;How could you tell?&quot;</p>

<p>He smiled, ever so slightly.  &quot;I just could.&quot;</p>

<p>I shook my head, swallowing my discomfort.  &quot;Well, anyway. You didn&#39;t know about the stories?&quot;</p>

<p>&quot;Not much, and I didn&#39;t believe them anyway. I moved my family in without a second thought, and for a while, things were okay. But I began seeing things.&quot;</p>

<p>He paused for a breath, then continued.  &quot;Terrible things. I had the most awful of dreams and visions. People being killed in the most brutal of fashions. Demon creatures lurking in the corners. The floor breaking apart and revealing a portal to Hell. The man with the orange eyes.</p>

<p>&quot;He isn&#39;t so much a man as he is a shadow. Just a black silhouette, shaped like a man, with these glowing orange orbs in his face. They are like twin flames, and they never seem to dim. I have seen him every day for the past thirty-something years. He torments me.</p>

<p>&quot;I never told the wife or kids. I didn&#39;t want to frighten them. Instead, I hung crosses on the walls and hoped the grace of God would protect us. And to an extent, it did. But the man with orange eyes never left. I would wake up in the middle of the night and find him standing over the bed, watching my wife and I sleep. I&#39;d pull into the driveway in the evening and see him at a window. He never <em>spoke</em> to me directly, but sometimes, I could hear a deep, raspy voice in my head. It would say terrible things.&quot;</p>

<p>&quot;Like what?&quot; I asked.</p>

<p>Edwin began shaking even harder.  &quot;He would tell me to kill myself, to kill my family. He told me about all the horrible things he had done to those who had lived in the house before. He wanted to drive me mad. I spent every day fighting him.</p>

<p>&quot;Once he realized I wouldn&#39;t be so easy to break, he turned on my wife. It only took her two years to fall. He drained the life out of her.</p>

<p>&quot;After Prudence&#39;s death, I began hearing scratching sounds in the walls. I thought they might be rats, but that was before the whispers started. And the screams. <em>And</em> the blood.&quot;</p>

<p>&quot;Excuse me, <em>blood</em>?&quot;</p>

<p>&quot;Yes. The walls themselves would bleed.&quot;</p>

<p>Okay, <em>that</em> was freaky.  I glanced behind me at the closed door, wondering if Keira was listening, before turning my attention back to Edwin.</p>

<p>&quot;What else can you tell me?&quot;</p>

<p>&quot;The man with the orange eyes was angry,&quot; said Edwin.  &quot;He had wanted <em>me</em> to die first, not Prudence. He swore he would make my demise as painful as possible.&quot;  Edwin&#39;s eyes slipped away from me and went to his bandaged arms.  &quot;He wanted my blood. He wanted me to suffer. On the day I was admitted to this place, he did <em>something</em>... I don&#39;t know <em>what</em>, but it felt as if I had insects crawling beneath my skin. That&#39;s why I tore up my arms. The man with the orange eyes was laughing at me. It was terrible. And now, he wants to finish the job. I just <em>know</em> it. I&#39;ll never be free. Never...&quot;</p>

<p>Edwin went still of a sudden, closing his eyes.  For a moment, I feared he was dead, but the rhythmic rise and fall of his chest proved otherwise.  I left the room, passing a white-faced and trembling Keira in the hall.</p>

<p>&quot;I&#39;ll call you later,&quot; I mumbled, and fled the hospital.</p>

<p>Halfway to my hotel, I took a turn and began driving down the road leading to the House of Demons.  Why?  Well, the most stubborn part of me <em>still</em> didn&#39;t believe Edwin&#39;s story, dismissing it as the ramblings of a senile old man, and I wanted to see the house for myself.</p>

<p>The House of Demons turned out to be a towering brick structure with a lopsided roof and butter-yellow door.  I pulled up out front and sat there for a moment, going over what Edwin had told me again and again.  Then, without thinking, I exited the car and went to stand in the overgrown front lawn.</p>

<p>I titled my head back and stared up at a darkened window, remembering Edwin&#39;s account of seeing the man with orange eyes watching him from the other side of the class.  I didn&#39;t expect to see anything, but my eyes were drawn to that window.</p>

<p>It took the shrill ringing of my phone to finally snap me out of it.</p>

<p>&quot;Hello?&quot;</p>

<p>&quot;Mrs. Johnston!&quot;  It was Keira, and she sounded freaked.  &quot;Mrs. Johnston, what happened? Are you okay?&quot;</p>

<p>&quot;I&#39;m fine, Keira. Your dad&#39;s story just spooked me a bit.&quot;</p>

<p>&quot;Where are you now?&quot;</p>

<p>&quot;Well... I&#39;m kind of at the house.&quot;</p>

<p>&quot;You&#39;re <em>what</em>?&quot; she shrieked, so shrilly I had to pull the phone away from my ear to avoid being deafened.  &quot;Mrs. Johnston, do you have any idea how <em>dangerous</em> that place is? Especially with no one home.&quot;</p>

<p>&quot;Keira, I-&quot;</p>

<p>&quot;I&#39;m on my way. Stay put.&quot;</p>

<p>Five minutes later, Keira&#39;s car appeared.  She parked it behind mine and rushed over to me, panting, her eyes wild and wet.</p>

<p>&quot;Jesus,&quot; I gasped.  &quot;Are you <em>okay</em>?&quot;</p>

<p>&quot;Daddy was so upset after you left... he was screaming and rambling... the nurse had to sedate him.&quot;</p>

<p>I winced.  &quot;I&#39;m so sorry.&quot;</p>

<p>&quot;No, it wasn&#39;t <em>your</em> fault... it was mine. I should never have called you. Shit, I&#39;m a mess. It&#39;s just...&quot;</p>

<p>She broke down in heaving sobs, and I awkwardly put my arms around her.  Comforting others has never been my strong suit, particularly if it&#39;s a stranger.  Keira buried her face in my chest, her body trembling against mine.</p>

<p>&quot;Maybe we should get out of here,&quot; I said, peering at the house over the top of Keira&#39;s head.  I was <em>not</em> expecting to see two floating orange orbs in the window.</p>

<p>&quot;Keira,&quot; I hissed.  &quot;Don&#39;t look, okay?&quot;</p>

<p>&quot;What?&quot;</p>

<p>&quot;Don&#39;t. Look. Follow me.&quot;</p>

<p>I led her back to my rental car and drove off.  When I looked back, the eyes were gone, but the sky above the house seemed <em>darker</em> somehow, as if reflecting a coming storm.</p>

<p>I dropped Keira off at her own house and went to my hotel.  I wrote out a rough draft for an article on the House of Demons, but could barely concentrate.  The project wasn&#39;t going anywhere, and I returned home in defeat.</p>

<p>A month later, Keira e-mailed me to tell me that her father had died.  &quot;He killed himself. Somehow, he broke the restraints. He clawed his own eyes out and slit his own throat with a shard of glass from the broken window. I think he wanted to die on his own terms, before the man with orange eyes could get him.&quot;</p>

<p>I e-mailed her back, expressing my condolences, but never got a response.</p>

<p>I couldn&#39;t stop thinking about that house, and decided to return to that town, to see that place one last time.</p>

<p>The House of Demons stood abandoned when I arrived.  Before leaving, I had tracked down the realtor trying to sell the house (no luck, which didn&#39;t surprise me) and called her, asking if she would let me in.  I explained I was a journalist trying to write a piece on the house.  &quot;Will you let me in? I just want to have a quick look around.&quot;</p>

<p>The woman sounded hesitant, but agreed.  I met her at the house, greeting her politely.  She was an older woman with platinum-blonde hair, dressed in a navy blue suit.  &quot;I&#39;m Norma. Norma Shaw. It&#39;s nice to meet you.&quot;  She nervous tired, and I felt bad for her.</p>

<p>&quot;You don&#39;t have to come in with me,&quot; I said.</p>

<p>&quot;Nonsense! I can&#39;t let you go in that place alone.&quot;  She fished a set of keys out of her purse.  &quot;How long will you need?&quot;</p>

<p>&quot;Not too long,&quot; I assured her.  &quot;Just a quick look around.&quot;</p>

<p>&quot;Okay, then.&quot;  Mrs. Shaw gave a painful grin.  &quot;Let&#39;s go.&quot;</p>

<p>The interior of the house was dark and musty, not any different from your average old, abandoned dwelling.  I felt no oppressive atmosphere, no creeping sensation of being watched.  Nothing to justify <em>why</em> this place was called the House of Demons.  But remembering Edwin&#39;s story and how he had so brutally killed himself, I tried to keep an open mind.</p>

<p>Mrs. Shaw led me from room to room, and I only lingered long enough to jot down some notes and take a quick look around.  I saw nothing noteworthy.  But on the way back down the upstairs hall, I paused to look at painting hanging on the wall, Mrs. Shaw several steps ahead.  When I turned, she was out of sight.</p>

<p>&quot;Mrs. Shaw?&quot; I called, my voice echoing loudly in the empty space.  &quot;Hello?&quot;</p>

<p>No answer.</p>

<p>I hurried in the direction she&#39;d been going, turning a corner and finding her purse lying on the floor, the contents spilled out and scattered around like debris from a train wreck.  Surrounding the mess was a pool of dark, coppery-smelling liquid.</p>

<p><em>Blood.</em></p>

<p>&quot;Holy fucking shit,&quot; I whispered.  My head was spinning; I didn&#39;t want to believe this was happening.</p>

<p>A wet <em>thunk</em> from behind me made me jump about ten feet into the air and spin around.  Mrs. Shaw&#39;s <em>head</em> had fallen behind me.  Her eyes were wide, her face still ossified in an expression of pure horror.  The stump of her neck was ragged and bloody, with about two inches of spine visible.  The pearl-white bone had been snapped off, leaving a jagged edge.</p>

<p>I ran, dropping my notebook and pen along the way.  I didn&#39;t really care where I ended up, as long as I was far away from that terrible scene.  I was going so fast that when a gnarled hand twisted itself into my hair, my scalp was nearly torn off.</p>

<p>I screamed and thrashed as something dragged me down the stairs.  The creature was snarling and hissing in a deep, guttural voice as it threw open the basement door Mrs. Shaw had shown me earlier and threw me down.</p>

<p>I flew through the cold, musty air and hit the concrete floor so hard it&#39;s a wonder every bone in my body didn&#39;t shatter.  Groaning in pain, I rolled over just in time to see the door slam shut and hear something scuttled away.</p>

<p>Adrenaline drowned out the pain of my injuries, and I managed to stand up.  As I fumbled around for a light switch, and my hand touched something soft and fleshy.</p>

<p>&quot;Oh, Jesus, no,&quot; I muttered.</p>

<p>A frayed string brushed my face, and I pulled on it; a dim yellow lightbulb flickered to life.</p>

<p>I screamed.</p>

<p><em>Keira.</em>  Or at least, what had once been her.  She was dead, her skin purple, black, and blue with decay.  The top of her head had been caved in, creating a gory cavern of blood, skin, bone, and brain matter.  She had been pinned to the wall by what looked like a rusty, bloodstained railroad spike, hammered right through her chest.</p>

<p>&quot;Oh, my God,&quot; I muttered, backing up in shock.  &quot;Oh, my God. Oh, my God.&quot;</p>

<p>Keira&#39;s body twitched.  Her head jerked up, and she looked right at me.  Her eyes were empty sockets, her once-pretty face a bloated mess of rotting flesh and wriggling white maggots.  She opened her mouth, her jaw cracking grotesquely as she did so, and let out a screech.</p>

<p>&quot;No!&quot; I wailed, tripping in my high-heeled pumps and landing flat on my ass.  Keira let out another scream, and to this day, I can&#39;t truly describe the sound.  The best thing I can compare it to is the wail of a banshee, mixed with the braying of a goat and radio static.</p>

<p>Through the overwhelming horror taking over my mind, I suddenly remembered: I still had my purse.  And in it was my phone.</p>

<p>The terrible screams filled my ears as I crawled across the dirty concrete floor and snatched up the phone.  The screen was cracked, but the device still worked.  With shaking fingers, I dialled 911.</p>

<p>&quot;Please!&quot; I gasped as soon as the operator picked up.  &quot;Send help!&quot;</p>

<p>&quot;What&#39;s your emergency?&quot;</p>

<p>&quot;I&#39;m hurt, and there&#39;s... there&#39;s something here. Please, just hurry!&quot;</p>

<p>I gave the woman my address, and she assured me that help was on the way.  As I lay on my back, in pain, waiting for someone to come and rescue me, Keira&#39;s screams began morphing into words.</p>

<p><em>You shouldn&#39;t have come!</em></p>

<p>She didn&#39;t have to tell <em>me</em> twice.</p>

<p>Gradually, I became aware of how hot the basement was getting.  I could faintly smell smoke, and the realization that the house was on fire hit me with the force of a nuclear blast.  I looked up at Keira&#39;s impaled body, saw crackling orange flames.  Keira&#39;s body was melting, the skin sloughing off her bones.  Black smoke poured from her mouth and ears.  Then, suddenly, she exploded into a swarm of fat black flies.</p>

<p>The combination of heat, pain, and the maniacal buzzing of a thousand or so flies was maddening.  I curled into the fetal position, hands over my ears, and screamed.</p>

<p>The next thing I remember is one of the basement windows breaking and a fireman carrying me out.</p>

<p>&quot;Mother of God, miss, what did they <em>do</em> to you?&quot; he gasped.</p>

<p>I was placed in the back of an ambulance, and before the doors were shut, I caught a glimpse of the house going up in flames, as if the very gates of Hell had opened up inside.</p>

<hr/>

<p>I was airlifted back to Vancouver, where I spent five weeks in the hospital.  I had broken bones, bruises, scrapes, gashes, burns, and even some internal bleeding.  The House of Demons burned down to nothing but ash.  The cause of the fire could not be determined.</p>

<p>After returning home in a wheelchair, still all bandaged up, I began to remember things about my encounter.  The twisted, goblin-like appearance of the creature that dragged me to the basement.  The glowing orange eyes that glared maliciously at me from the dark just before the fire began.  The agonized screams and wails of tortured souls, combining with Keira&#39;s own cries, creating a cacophony of terror that nearly crippled me.</p>

<p>Needless to say, I didn&#39;t end up writing about The House of Demons.</p>

<p>I can&#39;t explain what happened, and that&#39;s the hardest part.  Not knowing.  Now I can honestly say I believe in the paranormal.  And it terrifies me.  I&#39;ve seen for myself the horrors that lurk in the shadows, and I can never forget.</p>

<p>Especially after the phone call I received last week.</p>

<p>The call came from an unknown number.  I picked it up, expecting to hear &quot;Sorry, wrong number.&quot;  Instead, there was a strange shuffling noise, and a weak, reedy voice whispering, &quot;Please. Help.&quot;</p>

<p>&quot;Excuse me, who is this?&quot;</p>

<p>&quot;Please. Help.&quot;  Then the line went dead.</p>

<p>The voice sounded familiar, but I couldn&#39;t place it.  Until that night, as I got ready for bed.</p>

<p>It had been <em>Keira.</em>  She barely sounded like herself, but it had definitely been her.</p>

<p>I don&#39;t know where Keira is now, and I think it best for my sanity that I never found out.</p>

<p>But wherever it is, I sense that it&#39;s even worse than The House of Demons.</p>

<p>I just wish there was something I could do.</p>
</div><!-- SC_ON -->




  </div>
</body>
</html>