<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no" ?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>The Ashland House</title>

<meta content="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body class="mainbody">
  <div class="paragraphtext">

	<h1>
		The Ashland House by lunalikesleopards

	</h1>
	<br/><br/>


	
	<!-- SC_OFF --><div class="md"><p>Hi. My name is Luna (not my birth name, but I really hate the Mary Sue, First Lady, &quot;Can I speak to your manager&quot; one I was born with, so please don&#39;t ask.) I&#39;m an empath. Some people describe being an empath as a paranormal thing, but I don&#39;t view it that way. I just see it as being really sensitive. Basically, I feel other people&#39;s emotions like they&#39;re mine. It might sound cool to someone who hasn&#39;t experienced it, but it&#39;s actually a bummer,
if I&#39;m being honest. A lot of people in the world are really sad and angry, and more than you&#39;d think. It sucks having to feel people&#39;s pain all the time. I had to drop out of CNA training because almost every patient&#39;s feelings made me want to cry, and many did make me cry. It&#39;s impossible to be professional when you feel that way all the time. I think it&#39;ll become pretty clear why this is relevant to my story.</p>

<p>This story really happened to me when I was fourteen. I know most people aren&#39;t going to believe it, and that&#39;s okay. I just want to write it down for people to enjoy, whether they laugh at it, are scared by it, or maybe even relate to it. If you relate to it, please let me know. I&#39;d love to talk to someone who&#39;s had a similar experience. So without further ado, here&#39;s my telling of what happened, combined with some parts that my mother told me later because I wasn&#39;t there.  </p>

<p>When I was fourteen, my mom and I had a cozy rental house in Ashland, Oregon. It was built in 1944, but it kept well. You can go see it if you want, and by &quot;go see it&quot; I mean you can look at Google Maps. 374 Avery Street. It had a small fenced grassy yard, front and back, which was convenient for our Labrador and
Australian Shepherd mix, Annie. I had a pretty close friend who lived across the street and down two houses. We shared a passion for talking about the paranormal. While she wasn&#39;t necessarily an empath, she had another special ability. Ghosts showed themselves to her all the time. Always benevolent ones, lucky enough for her. She&#39;d tell me the stories of when she was a little girl, camping with her parents. The woods made her see a lot more ghosts. One of my favorites she&#39;d tell was the one where she was sitting crossed-legged, chin in her hands, swaying back and forth gently. Her mom came up and asked her why she was doing that. </p>

<p>&quot;The people, Mommy, they&#39;re dancing. They&#39;re dancing!&quot; she yelled happily. Her mother never saw anyone, but apparently what my friend saw were dozens of ballroom dancers.</p>

<p>I&#39;ll just call my friend A because I haven&#39;t talked to her in years and don&#39;t know how to get a hold of her, so I can&#39;t ask her if she&#39;s okay with being in the story. I&#39;ll call her mother L, because she&#39;s in this story too. </p>

<p>The house we lived in looked almost like a perfect square, but the inside architecture was a little more complicated. It felt sort of cramped and angular. My room felt very separate from the rest of the house, because it used to be the garage. You had to go out a door, down some steps and across the laundry room into a short, skinny hallway to get into it. It had nice carpet inside, and we had painted the walls black and the ceiling dark purple (I had a pretty intense Goth streak in high school). The room didn&#39;t have much furniture, but I liked it that way. Just a comfy mattress and a desk where I could do homework and draw
all the angsty shit that Goth teenagers draw. Across from my room and to the left, in the laundry room, was the door to the backyard. On the right, up the steps, was the door to the house.</p>

<p>Everything started one night when I was going to bed. I had never been afraid of the dark at this time, so I switched off the lights and climbed into bed without having to think about it. With my walls painted black and my curtains pulled shut over the only window, this made my room almost pitch black. As I put one foot in the bed and started to slide it under the covers, a light caught my eye, almost violently. Like I said, I wasn&#39;t afraid of the dark, but that didn&#39;t mean I was brave. I jumped backwards onto my mattress and crouched against the wall where a headboard would have been if the bed had one. I blinked intensely, trying to focus my eyes on the light in my room. My eyes focused too slowly, like there was water in them, and the light seemed to sway gently back and forth. Finally my eyes focused on the light and I recognized it as a figure. It was sitting in my chair. It was sitting at my fucking desk.</p>

<p>The figure didn&#39;t have a face or even seem to have arms, it was just a very vaguely human-shaped beam of light, but even so... I could feel it looking at me. And I knew it didn&#39;t like me. I didn&#39;t know why, but I felt an intense anger that I&#39;ve never felt before in my life. Like it wanted me to die. </p>

<p>I don&#39;t know how I broke myself out of the paralysis of the fear, but I somehow managed to scramble out of bed and make a mad dash for my mom&#39;s room. While I ran, I screamed as loud as I could, trying to alert my mom and maybe, if I was lucky, scare away whatever was in my room. I pulled open the door to the laundry room, beating my bare feet on the cold concrete as I raced for the door into the house. I felt my pulse beating 
in my neck like I had never felt it before. When I got up the steps, I clumsily groped and yanked on the doorknob with hands made rubber by fear. I was sure it was locked for a moment, but it turns out I was just so scared that I wasn&#39;t opening it properly, and it was an old door, so you really had to pull. I almost fell backwards down the steps and into the laundry room with the 
force of pulling the door open, but thankfully my legs carried me onto the wood floor of the house and I slammed the door shut behind me, forcing all of my weight behind it as if it could be &quot;extra closed.&quot; I closed the deadbolt too, while simultaneously telling myself that that was stupid because whatever that was could probably go right through doors. I jogged down the short hallway into my mom&#39;s room and flung myself across her bed. </p>

<p>&quot;Mom! Mom!&quot; I yelled. She groaned and rolled over and looked at me. It was about 2am and my Mom does not like being woken up, and she definitely doesn&#39;t believe in things that go bump in the night (or at least she didn&#39;t used to.) But she listened to my recounting of what had happened sleepily, suggested I had been having a bad dream, said I could sleep with her if I needed to, and went back to sleep. I didn&#39;t need her to believe me. I was just relieved that I didn&#39;t have to go back in that room that night. I lay in her bed with the covers up to my nose for hours before finally falling asleep.</p>

<p>The next day was Monday. I woke up in my mom&#39;s room and realized I would have to go back into my room to get clothes for school. I was obviously not thrilled at the idea. I was particularly not thrilled because my Mom had already left to do errands or something, so I was alone in the house. I opened all the curtains in the main part of the house, because sunlight has always made me feel safer. Then I slowly opened the door to the laundry room, and walked down the steps. Then I heard barking from the backyard. It was Annie. I opened the back door, looked down at her in front of me, and realized she was facing the house. I looked at her and talked to her the way I&#39;ve talked to animals since I was little, like they could understand me, &quot;Annie, were you... barking at the house?&quot; She looked at me, and then back towards where she had been looking before. I didn&#39;t even have to look behind me to know that she had been barking straight at my room. </p>

<p>At this point I was creeped out enough to step out of the house and into the yard with her. For some reason it didn&#39;t feel right to close the door behind me, so I didn&#39;t. I stroked the dog&#39;s head and told her everything would be alright. I think she could tell I didn&#39;t believe that, because she barked at my room again in response. I grabbed her leash from the hook outside the door, clipped it on, and decided to get us the Hell out of there. That feeling of being watched from the other night was still eating away at the back of my head, even as I crossed the street to A&#39;s house. </p>

<p>I found her on her porch, lazily eating dried figs. </p>

<p>&quot;What&#39;s the matter with you? You look like you seen a ghost, bruthaaaa,&quot; she said. For all I knew, she could have been quoting a movie or a song or just being her normal dorky self but I didn&#39;t care at the time or bother to ask. </p>

<p>&quot;I did see a ghost, A. In my house. In my room.&quot; She perked up at this, because to her ghosts meant fun and entertainment, maybe even friendship. </p>

<p>&quot;Fuck yaaaaa! Tell me about your new buddy,&quot; she said. I didn&#39;t even know how to proceed at this point. I couldn&#39;t humor her, but I was also going to feel bad for unsettling her kind of sweet bond with the supernatural. Oh well. I just had to do it. </p>

<p>&quot;This one isn&#39;t a buddy, A. I think it might be a demon or something. It&#39;s really fucking creepy.&quot; I tried to explain what had happened and what I had felt. She leaned back a bit and her brow furrowed. </p>

<p>&quot;Okay, well I should go meet this thing,&quot; she said with a seriousness I didn&#39;t usually see in her, &quot;but I should probably tell you some stuff about ghosts I haven&#39;t told you yet, first.&quot; I sat myself and Annie down on the porch to listen. She told me a few things about what she called ghost manners. </p>

<p>&quot;The most important rule,&quot; she said &quot;is to always give them their space. If you get too close to them, they might freak out or something. They&#39;re like, unstable.&quot; I agreed that I would give
the entity its space. </p>

<p>We walked back to my house together, slowly as if we both expected something to happen on our way there. I didn&#39;t feel watched anymore. Maybe it was because I was with A. When we got to the back door, I realized I had left it open all this time. What I quickly realized afterwards was that we wouldn&#39;t have to go into my room to meet the figure of light. Because it was standing in the hallway to my bedroom. I was instantly paralyzed. Annie growled a deep, warning growl and then began barking. A seemed unphased, however. </p>

<p>&quot;I don&#39;t know why you were afraid of this one, it seems sweet,&quot; she said. That was when, to my horror, my friend began walking towards the figure with her arms outstretched like she wanted to hug it.</p>

<p>I wanted to yell &quot;Please don&#39;t&quot; or something, anything, but my mouth remained frozen with the rest of my body. I had to watch, excruciatingly and with increasing panic as A stepped closer and closer to the figure, crossing the threshold into the laundry room. I didn&#39;t know what it was capable of, but all I could think of was the anger it had placed in me. If it wanted me to die, what would it do to people who cared about me? That was when my mom finally came home. Thankfully she came in the back way.  </p>

<p>&quot;Hey, did I hear A? What are you guys up to? Why is Annie barking?&quot; She didn&#39;t sound worried, but her face looked worried as soon as she saw me, standing frozen in place with our snarling
dog, who was usually not aggressive at all. &quot;What&#39;s going on?&quot; she asked. I could move now but still couldn&#39;t answer her. My eyes darted back to A who had lowered her arms, and was now
standing slumped over like a wet noodle. The figure was gone. My mom peeked in the house and saw my friend standing there strangely, walked up to her and shook her shoulder. A gasped and turned around to face my mom. Her bottom lip started to quiver. </p>

<p>&quot;What did I do?&quot; she asked. </p>

<p>&quot;What do you mean, A? You were just standing here. Are you okay?&quot; My mom asked.</p>

<p>A shook her head and looked like she was trying really hard not to cry. My mom looked back at me, confused, &quot;What the Hell is going on with you guys?&quot;  &quot;I&#39;m sorry, Ms. S. We were just kiddin&#39;. We&#39;re fine,&quot; she said. She walked out into the yard next to me and shook my arm. &quot;Uh yeah, we&#39;re okay,&quot; I agreed.</p>

<p>&quot;If that was supposed to be a prank, it wasn&#39;t a very funny one,&quot; she said, concerned. She looked me up and down and realized she had come home to an unshowered teenager who had not gone to school. She wasn&#39;t happy about it, but she knew her divorce from my Dad had been hard on me, and I think she
wanted to cut me some slack. She just told me to go to school tomorrow. Then she asked us to come inside. A and I complied. Annie did not.</p>

<p>Annie had always been extremely obedient and eager-to-please for my Mom. She never said no to her. It would break her canine heart. So for her to stand in defiance of my mother was unusual, to say the least. We tried treats, firm voices and everything in between. We even tried to carry her into the house, but she whimpered so pitifully that we finally left her alone. My mom went into the kitchen and started putting away the groceries she&#39;d bought. A and I sat on the living room couch together, heads stuck together, thick as thieves. </p>

<p>&quot;So what really happened to you?&quot; I asked her. </p>

<p>&quot;I didn&#39;t want to touch it, girl. It was, like... calling me. It made it seem like it was just the best damn idea I ever had to go right to it. But I knew it was wrong at the same time. I don&#39;t know. That&#39;s not like any ghost I ever met before.&quot; I agreed. Definitely not a benevolent ballroom dancer. </p>

<p>Annie stayed out in the yard this whole time. Occasionally she would let out another bark, and I was pretty sure I knew in exactly which direction.</p>

<p>When it got dark and A had gone home, I asked my Mom if I could sleep in her room again. She sort of looked at me as if to say, &quot;You know you&#39;re fourteen, right?&quot; but if that was what 
she was thinking, she didn&#39;t say so. Instead she suggested that A come back over and have a sleepover, probably thinking that that would make my room feel fun again, and less scary. It wasn&#39;t a bad idea from her perspective, but I was way too freaked out to agree. I said I&#39;d rather just not go in that room tonight. So she agreed, &quot;For now.&quot;</p>

<p>The next morning, my Mom went to talk to A&#39;s mother L, who was sort of a faith healer or a medicine woman or something. Between Annie sleeping outside the night before (which she had never done), and me being terrified of my own room, my mom had decided that it was time to try taking this seriously. She had a chat with L about what had been going on (the part she knew anyway), and L seemed to know what to do immediately. She gathered some things into a medium-sized velvet bag and headed over to our house that moment.</p>

<p>My mom and L went into my bedroom, while me and A watched curiously from the door. We were both the type who pretended to be brave but really weren&#39;t. We were pretty okay with letting our moms handle whatever demon-ghost-light-thing had decided to take up residence in my room. L lit some sage, and walked around the room wafting it into each corner. She spoke to my mom and us (and what she called the &quot;Spirit&quot;) while she did this. </p>

<p>&quot;We&#39;ve just got to let the Spirit know that it&#39;s not welcome here anymore. We acknowledge you and we appreciate you, Spirit, but it&#39;s time for you to go now.&quot; she said.</p>

<p>It was all very gentle and sweet. Exactly what you&#39;d expect from a carefree hippie mom who called herself a healer. The whole process took about half an hour. We thanked L afterwards, and she and A went home. </p>

<p>It wasn&#39;t very long before I realized that the cleansing hadn&#39;t worked. Only about an hour later, I was sitting in my desk chair, doodling a manga character I liked at the time, when I felt like I was being stared at again. No, KNEW I was being stared at again. There was no doubt. Then the anger started to seep back in. 
The anger at me. The kind of anger you have at someone who&#39;s done you wrong a thousand times. I tried not to look at anything, 
I was terrified of seeing the figure again. I put my arm over my face and made my way carefully but hurriedly into the laundry room. I knew it would be easier to get into the backyard than the house, so I ran out into the backyard and grabbed Annie. I buried my face in her fur and cried out of fear and frustration. The thing was supposed to be gone. I felt failed by L, and just kind of failed by life. &quot;I shouldn&#39;t have to be afraid of my own room,&quot; I said out loud into Annie&#39;s warm comforting shoulder. She normally would have licked me to comfort me, but she was too focused on doing what she&#39;d done for two days now: staring at my room, and occasionally barking at it. </p>

<p>My mom came home once again to a teen wearing the same clothes she&#39;d slept in and desperately clinging to the dog. </p>

<p>&quot;Alright, that&#39;s it,&quot; she said. She wasn&#39;t mad at me, she was mad at whatever was in my room. And she didn&#39;t even believe in whatever was in my room. She told me to come inside and we went into the kitchen. She handed me the phone and told me to call A and have her come over. </p>

<p>&quot;Why?&quot; I asked. </p>

<p>&quot;I don&#39;t want you to be alone,&quot; she said, &quot;but me and whatever that thing is need to have a TALK.&quot; She said the last word through her teeth, gritted with determination. </p>

<p>When A came over, we huddled together on the couch, a bit shaken by the situation, but also fascinated by whatever was going to take place. My mom started to go into the laundry room alone, and I stopped her. &quot;I should go with you,&quot; I said. &quot;This thing wants me. It might not even show up if it&#39;s just you.&quot; My mom still didn&#39;t believe in any of this, but she had always trusted me in the past when I seemed sure about what I was doing. So we both went in together, while A waited in the living room. I sat down on my bed, trying to recreate the situation that had first made it appear. My mom stood in the middle of the room, waiting for me to tell her if I saw or felt anything. It didn&#39;t take long. I didn&#39;t see it externally this time, but in my head. It was like it was forcing its likeness into my mind. I saw the angriest, most hateful face I&#39;ve ever even imagined. It was twisted, bitter, and definitely male.  </p>

<p>I don&#39;t know if you believe in energy, but I do. Whenever I&#39;ve met a trans person, for instance, I immediately see them as the gender they know they were born as, even if they&#39;re presenting themselves as cis. I&#39;m telling you this because I want you to know why I say that this face was definitely male. It didn&#39;t have any actual features that would tell you anything about its age, gender, race, or anything like that. It was more like the embodiment of what the expressions of anger and hatred look like. The energy I felt though, was that of an older man. </p>

<p>If he was angry before, now he was raging. He filled my head with not only his own hatred, but SELF-hatred. I felt like I didn&#39;t deserve to live. I felt like he deserved to kill me. I was still scared, but in that moment, I almost accepted these things as fact. My Mom asked something like if the &quot;Spirit&quot; was calming down, or being nicer. &quot;No! No!&quot; I screamed. &quot;He&#39;s worse! It&#39;s so much worse!&quot; I was crying at this point, and my Mom had 
had enough of my torment. She sent me out to the living room to be with my friend. I let A hug me but tried really hard to stop crying. I didn&#39;t want to look like a total wimp in front of my friend. I already felt horribly guilty for leaving my mom in that room alone. I heard the door close.</p>

<p>This is one of those times when I wasn&#39;t there, so this next part is just what my mom told me:</p>

<p>Mom closed the door behind her, and shut off the lights. You might be thinking &quot;Why on Earth...?&quot; but that&#39;s just because you don&#39;t know my mom. She&#39;s a fighter. She never runs from confrontation, she owns it. And if you mess with her kid, that&#39;s when you really get to see her teeth. She wanted this thing to know without a doubt that she was not afraid of it and that she was going to win. She was a little frightened, but there was 
no way she was going to let this thing know it. She stepped into the middle of the room again and called out to it, or... him: &quot;I know you&#39;re here. I know you&#39;re angry. You may even be justified in your anger. But it&#39;s not my family that hurt you. This is my family, and now this is my home. You have to leave.&quot;</p>

<p>That is when my mom finally got to meet him. I&#39;m not sure exactly what she saw or felt, but when I described the figure and the feelings of anger and hatred to her, she said &quot;Yep. That&#39;s who I met.&quot; I do know that she felt the same rage and the bitterness from him that I had felt, and that she literally pushed through it. 
That&#39;s right. She opened the window, and pushed this non-physical thing out of the window with her physical hands. This still doesn&#39;t make sense to me, but you&#39;ll see why I believe that she did it in a moment. </p>

<p>Mom came back into the house and looked at us with a look of triumph. Not only had she (probably) rid my room of its unwanted inhabitant, but guess who was trailing at her feet? Annie had come back inside for the first time in days. She didn&#39;t exactly look calm, but the glazed-over stare was at least gone. 
You could tell my mom felt really good about protecting her family and her home. We wanted to applaud her, but we were still so skeptical that the thing was gone. We just sort of went &quot;Yaaaaay,&quot; desperately hoping that she was right and that the Spirit or whatever it was had gone out the window.</p>

<p>That was when all three of us jumped at the same time. Because my room used to be the garage, the driveway and therefore our car, was right outside my bedroom window. We had jumped because the car had begun both shrieking and flashing. The shrieking was some kind of high-pitched alarm that we weren&#39;t even aware the car had. The flashing came from various small red lights, also new to us. The car literally looked insane. The sound was horrendous. We all went to the window and stared at 
the car for a few moments, before my Mom went out and decided to do something about it.</p>

<p>I&#39;m not sure exactly what she did, but I think she just knocked around in the car until the alarm stopped. She looked a little shaken when she came back in, but fine, thankfully. She then took the sage L had left and cleansed the car with it. She invited the Spirit to go up and out the little sunroof. Maybe that was a more preferable direction to go than the sideways trip through my window. She felt a little silly out in our driveway, burning sage in the car, and doing what probably looked like talking to herself. Especially when the local college&#39;s night classes let out and adult students began to walk by. She kept at it though, and it must have worked, because that was finally the last we heard from our Spirit. </p>

<p>About a week later, my mom was installing a new fence in the front yard so that Annie could go all the way around the house, instead of just in the backyard. While she was working, a man came up to her and introduced himself as the owner of the duplex behind our house. They chatted for a while about this and that, before he asked her, &quot;So, you know what happened in that house?&quot; My Mom told him she didn&#39;t, and he began to explain.</p>

<p>Apparently an old man had lived in our house before us, a man who no one ever came to visit. The way he left this world is not pretty, so if you&#39;re squeamish, you might not want to read this last part. I don&#39;t know if the man ever had a helper or a caretaker, but if he did, they stopped coming. The man lay in his bed for days, defecating on himself, just waiting for someone to find him. Eventually he died that way, alone in his bed covered in mess and probably unspeakably lonely. When my mom heard this, I&#39;m sure her eyes must have widened. She probably passed it off as some other expression, but I know she had to have been thinking about what we experienced in our house. I&#39;m not saying this is the case, but it would make sense to me if the man had died alone because he had led a cruel and selfish life. I feel almost guilty inferring this, as if he can hear me. It&#39;s just that I don&#39;t think his sad death alone would have caused the type of anger that me and my Mom both felt. </p>

<p>Anyway... 
I hope he found a better place through that sunroof. </p>
</div><!-- SC_ON -->




  </div>
</body>
</html>