<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no" ?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>The house I grew up in</title>

<meta content="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body class="mainbody">
  <div class="paragraphtext">

	<h1>
		The house I grew up in by FUZZ_buster

	</h1>
	<br/><br/>


	
	<!-- SC_OFF --><div class="md"><p>This is the tale of experiences I had growing up in an old house in rural New York. I figured this was an appropriate place to post it. </p>

<p>Growing up, my house always seemed a little off. I never really felt comfortable there. It could have been because of my dysfunctional family. It could have been because we never really have felt comfortable with each other. I don&#39;t know. </p>

<p>But I can tell you that i am convinced that place is haunted as shit. Even now that my parents are dead and gone I hate going there. It&#39;s on the market for what my family owes in taxes. If anyone wants a cheap property they are welcome to it. No joke. PM me. The house was built around 1870. It&#39;s a plank house; nothing special. And it needs a lot of work (obviously a good spritual cleansing, too). </p>

<p>When I was young, I shared a room with my two sisters. My brother had his own room down the hall. Our room was always the coldest in the house. It used to be the attic, but my father built an addition on the house when I was born to accommodate his three daughters, so it was the biggest bedroom in the house. </p>

<p>My first memory of it being not quite right was when I was about 6. I have posted about this before, but it still is relevant to this story. My mother sent me to bed early one night and I remember standing in my room and seeing one of my sister&#39;s shoes being drawn slowly under the dust ruffle of her bed. I screamed my head off and my mother didn&#39;t believe me. I saw it, though. I can still see it vividly. </p>

<p>A few weeks later I was also the first to go to bed. I was facing the back window getting PJ&#39;s out of my dresser when I felt breath on the back of my neck and heard someone whisper my name in my ear. I freaked the hell out, and my father was already in bed at the other end of the hall, so I ran to him. He didn&#39;t believe me either, although he followed me back to my room with a baseball bat. I tearfully insisted that it happened, and although I could most often count on him to listen to me, he still just laughed and kissed my head and put me to bed. I remember not sleeping much that night. There was a heaviness; a presence I couldn&#39;t justify or explain. That feeling remains. I still feel it when I&#39;m there. </p>

<p>Nothing much happened for a few years after that except the occasional missing item that would eventually turn up exactly where you would expect it, or an unexplainable cold spot here and there. But we&#39;re on the Canada border, so cold spots are a given. All could be kind-of explained.  </p>

<p>One night, however, I was in my brother&#39;s room doing homework.  I was about 16 and he had moved out, so I had turned his room into my office. It was late for an overachieving high school student, maybe 10 p.m. or so, and I saw a little girl out of the corner of my eye. She looked just like my 3-year-old niece who lived in one of my parents&#39; properties with my sister a few doors down. I turned to ask her what she was doing there so late. There was nothing there, but the room had gotten really cold, and it was late May. I figured maybe I was just tired and went to bed, knowing in the back of my mind what I saw was not a figment of my imagination.  But I was almost a grownup, right? I couldn&#39;t be seeing shit like that, right?</p>

<p>A few days later, my dad told my family he also saw a little girl in the hallway outside his room. Everybody but me laughed at him. </p>

<p>There are other things that happened (like my hair getting pulled by unseen hands, feeling like I was being touched A LOT, etc.), but to make a long story short, we found out a short while later that a little girl had fallen out of one of the upstairs windows and died not long after the house was built. That still sends chills down my spine. </p>

<p>I have more experiences if anyone would like to hear them, but thought I would share this tidbit with you all. Please excuse my formatting and any typos. I&#39;m on mobile.</p>

<p>Now get some sleep, you insomniacs.</p>
</div><!-- SC_ON -->




  </div>
</body>
</html>