<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no" ?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>There is something wrong with my house...there has always been</title>

<meta content="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body class="mainbody">
  <div class="paragraphtext">

	<h1>
		There is something wrong with my house...there has always been by artsystrangegirl

	</h1>
	<br/><br/>


	
	<!-- SC_OFF --><div class="md"><p>Hello there, I’m new to Reddit as I just discovered that this is the best place to find help and solve some seriously scary and creepy problems in my life.</p>

<p>First of all, a little background. I’m from a little town in Northern Italy, so excuse my terrible, terrible English!
Anyway, in this town there aren’t more than 1000 people and most of them are basically in their sixties or seventies. They are VERY, VERY superstitious and this is why I needed to find another place to explain my situation, and this place is Reddit.</p>

<p>My family is composed of 4 people: my dad, my mum, my little sister and I. My mother’s parents are still alive whilst my father’s parents died two/three years ago (keep this in mind).</p>

<p>I have a pretty normal life... so I think, at least. I go to high school and I’m specialising in languages (English, Spanish and Russian), I spend my free time studying and trying to put everything I can into my brain, because there is nothing I love more than studying and reading.
Next year, I will go to the university but since it’s fairly near my house I think I’ll live with my parents at least for the first year.</p>

<p>This is where the main problem lays: they want me to live in my father’s dead parents house. And I swear you guys: I don’t want to.
Trust me, I don’t believe in God or anything like that but I do feel like there is something in that house.
I don’t think it is a bad entity, I think it could be my grandpa, he left us very surprisingly and unexpectedly and I know that entities that die in this way tend to remain in our reality because they still have something to do or whatever.</p>

<p>So here’s the thing: my parents and my sister don’t believe me... and they are the religious people in the family!!!</p>

<p>But you guys I kid you not A WHOLE LOT has happened in that house and I want to share it with you so that we can find out what is happening.</p>

<p>Moreover, a bunch of strange things have been happening to my family (including my mother’s mother, who was friends with my deceased grandpa, the father of my father) even outside that house.</p>

<p>So let’s jump into what has happened lately in my life that pushed me to publish this.
My mother has been complaining lately because she keeps seeing double numbers like 22:22, 18:18... stuff like that ALL THE MOTHEREFFIN TIME. At first, I just laughed at her because I just thought it was normal: everybody can see double numbers, nothing strange, right?
But that wasn’t until these double numbers kept showing consistently in our ordinary life: a bill, the clock, a grade at school, the temperature, tv channels and so on, but my mother and I are the  only ones in the family experiencing this at the time.
And then, the creepiest thing happened to me. So I was sleeping and lucid dreaming as always. In my dream, I was in an old office with a very important man here in Italy, he was the president of a football club and he was also very important in economics and politics before he died years ago.
He was telling me something, but all of a sudden he started saying repeatedly “17 and 17: keep an eye on that OK, <em>myname</em>?”
 C O N T I N O U S L Y
I woke up being very disturbed by that dream and thought about that the whole day at school, until I realised that the 7/1 is the day before my dead grandpa’s bday and the 17 (of December) is the day before my grandpa died.
This has totally creeped me out.</p>

<p>But things got “worse”. As I kept seeing more and more double numbers and my mother always less and less, I started hearing noises coming from my grandpa’s house. At first, I thought it was their cat but then it turned out that my father wanted him to stay outside the house during the day (don’t ask me why, my father is strange lol).</p>

<p>So I was very creeped out and when my mother proposed that I invited my friends from high school to sleep over in THAT house, that was a H U G E no-no.
However, she was able to convince me.
So I prepared everything to sleep in the living room all together (we were 3) and the night arrived fast.
Before we fell asleep, one of my friends checked the clock and she said: “Oh hey, it’s 24:24”
I was S O S C A R E D, but I actually didn’t want to scare her so I just laughed and tried to sleep.</p>

<p>The day after, however, I told her everything about my strange problems with double numbers and she wanted to check what 24 meant in a book of numbers which I bought in order to understand these double numbers I keep seeing.</p>

<p>So we checked and at first I was disappointed: it didn’t have a meaning for me!
But all of a sudden my friend started to cry, shivering. “This is crazy!” She told me “You were right!”</p>

<p>“What, why?” I asked.</p>

<p>“The number 24 says: you are facing new challenges, but don’t worry, you have two helpers there with you.” She cried “you and <em>myotherfriend</em> promised to help me with my grades at school, remember?”</p>

<p>And all of a sudden, it was all clear to me: my grandpa knew that this friend of mine wasn’t exactly Einstein and he died before meeting my fourth friend (who didn’t sleep there that night), so he knew only me and my other friend who could help the other one with her grades.
And that’s why the numbers didn’t have a meaning to me: I didn’t see the numbers, my friend did... it was a message for her!</p>

<p>What do you think you guys? I have A LOT of other episodes that will help to complete this puzzle and I would love to share it with you so that we can solve this strange case together.</p>

<p>What do you think this is? Why do I see all those numbers with a significant meaning and why do I keep hearing strange noises?</p>

<p>....</p>

<p>UPDATE!!!!
I was going to publish this but I wanted to check the grammar before and I was doing it with my headphones on... but with no music because I’m a weird girl.
So my mum and my dad were in the kitchen and I heard them talking.
“I saw him again” my mother said.
“Who?” My father asked.
“Your father. His shadow, again!”
“What the heck. You need to sleep more!”
“But I swear I saw him! You MUST NOT tell it to the girls. <em>myname</em> could like to investigate deeper”</p>

<p>WHAT THE HECK DOES THIS MEAN??
Guys, I need your help!</p>
</div><!-- SC_ON -->




  </div>
</body>
</html>