<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no" ?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>We Found A Cellphone On A Recent Camping Trip In Michigan With A Disturbing Video On It</title>

<meta content="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body class="mainbody">
  <div class="paragraphtext">

	<h1>
		We Found A Cellphone On A Recent Camping Trip In Michigan With A Disturbing Video On It by nevergoingcampingaga

	</h1>
	<br/><br/>


	
	<!-- SC_OFF --><div class="md"><p>I don&#39;t know if this is the place for this, but this is a very strange and unnerving situation. Due to the short improvement in the weather recently, me and a friend went camping. We chose a place near our town. We will not give away the name due to anonymity, but it is a forested area near a small river with various campgrounds and bike trails. The paths go back deep into the wilderness, which is where me and my friend (lets call him T) decided to go camping. We drove a good 15 miles into the national forest and set up camp out there. We didn&#39;t usually camp out this far, but we were feeling brave. Hell it was only a 2 night trip and we had all our supplies and enough food, and a nice 1970s camper just in case it got too cold. It is the kind of camper that is built onto the box of a truck. We were confident this trip would go well. </p>

<p>We decided to simply set up camp the first day. We couldn&#39;t get a proper fire pit dug since the ground was just un-thawing, so we used a small portable grill we brought with us. We set up some lanterns, a few chairs, and sat outside drinking beer and kicking back. Things got strange around dusk though...</p>

<p>Around the time the sun went down we began noticing occasional red lights, and strange indescribable sounds. you know, almost like a voice carrying in the wind that resonates, unnaturally? It really is hard to explain. We have never been out that deep before, but then again we also may just hadn&#39;t noticed until this point.  </p>

<p>We were both unnerved but ignored it up until around 10pm. Things went from kinda-sorta weird, to strange and creepy fast. The red lights seemed to pop up and float in the forest around us, only to vanish with seconds. It got more and more intense, when in the distance, i saw a pair of bright orange eyes, 8-12 feet off of the ground, staring at us. We were terrified. We were too drunk to drive out so we went into the camper, locked it, and went to sleep. Thankfully we were drunk.</p>

<p>The next day everything was normal. We discovered something we hadn&#39;t the day before. There was a trail leading off into the woods where we saw the eyes last night. Despite all common sense we were intrigued and decided to follow it. T had a rifle just in case we ran into anything dangerous. The morning was very foggy and bleak and the trees still had no leaves, giving the forest a very dead, unnerving feel. The further we went on this path the foggier it got, until we could only see about 50 feet at most. After roughly 1 mile down this path we came across a small dilapidated cabin. It was more like a small shed with windows. It was filled with old boxes and had a huge hole in the floor, leading to a creepy basement. There was also a small fire-pit nearby with some buckets and bricks around it. This was a small clearing surrounded by dense brush and trees. This place made us feel uneasy.</p>

<p>I noticed something in the grass nearby and picked it up. It was an old cellphone. It looked destroyed. We checked the sd card and it was fine. We decided to keep it and check it out later. At this point i noticed the path led further into the woods to my left. We decided against it after finding this cabin. We were getting seriously creeped out and we were hearing the strange sounds again. We heard movement in the dense foggy forest on to our left and something strange happened. We both sort of blacked out and full on sprinted back down the way we came. By the time we realized what we were doing the sun was setting and it was getting dark. FUCK we had no idea what happened but I used my flashlight to illuminate the trail and we jogged back. It was the strangest thing... almost like a short fugue state for 7 or so hours. How did we get here? When we got back to camp we decided to stay in the trailer for the night. We had enough time outside that day. </p>

<p>That night we were having trouble sleeping and decided to smoke some green. As we were smoking i noticed the red lights out the windows again. I figured i was being paranoid and ignored it. After we were done we went to bed. T was asleep quickly but i just couldn&#39;t sleep. I had a strange feeling. Like we were being watched... I listened intently but heard nothing. The feeling was growing and i was beginning to feel legitimately scared, almost to the point where i didn&#39;t want to look at the window. I hid under my covers and the sense of dread only rose higher. I decided to slowly peer out at the window. It was at this point i realized that this sense of being watched had evolved to a sense of absolute terror. I slowly looked out from under my blanket and throughout the camper, and the windows. The camper was dark, and my friend was snoring. I looked over at the back window. Nothing. At this point I looked over to the side window. MY blood ran cold and I froze and nearly screamed. The glowing orange eyes we had seen the night before where peering in and motionless. I looked directly at these eyes in frozen terror for several minutes, the creature began bashing the door with near impossible force, and I finally came to, grabbing my pistol and firing without thinking. A horrible scream rang out and something, whatever it was, fled. My friend woke up screaming and i told him everything was alright, but we were leaving. </p>

<p>I let him sleep in the camper and got into the drivers seat and started the truck up. To my absolute horror, hundreds of pairs of red and orange eyes appeared when the headlights went on. They scattered. I peeled the fuck out of there and drove out as fast as i could. When we got back we checked the SD card we had found in the phone near the cabin. </p>

<p>It contained some music, some personal photos, and a single video. This video was of the cabin we had seen, at night, with the owner of the phone and another person venturing further on the trail than we did. The creepy sounds we had heard were clear throughout the video, and towards the end a pair of eyes appeared on the trail, glitching the video, before the people filming ran as fast as they could back, now surrounded by the red lights, only for the phone to be dropped as the Filmer yells. At this point the video ended. We were horrified. This video was so similar to the things we had seen that night.. too similar. Something happened there... something terrible... we aren&#39;t going camping again. All this was was solid proof to stay the fuck out of that forest. I have no idea what became of the owner of the phone. There was no other trace of them...</p>

<p>The video from the sd card located here
<a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RamILOotljw">https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RamILOotljw</a></p>
</div><!-- SC_ON -->




  </div>
</body>
</html>